
Julien says, "Promise, i won't spill oj this time"

Gia says, "I can I suppose"

Gia chuckles.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Rhyan the Psycian, Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Maiz the Drake, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Aella the Leuian (seated), and Lady Gia the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Anyah asks Julien, "promise not to talk about flaming cats?"

Julien says, "Can't promise anything about the emergency phonecalls, though."

Cleric, Back and better than ever, just entered.

Cleric sits down.

Ethalis says to Gia, "I cant read or I would"

Ethalis nods.

Julien grins at Anyah.

Gia says, "I am glad you have all come here tonight"

Gia pokes Ethalis.

Gallaior just entered from the southeast.

Gia says, "I am sure you have many many questions and our goal is to answer them so that you leave her with a better understanding of whats going on"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Maiz the Drake, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Aella the Leuian (seated), and Lady Gia the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
l at gr
>
Tennant just appeared.

Grips looks like a 8'2" standard mature delicate boned, muscular bodied Oog-ra.
He is seated.
He has medium length, matted, baby fine glossy black fur, with dull black eyes, and looks filthy.
He appears to be livid right now.
He bears the mark of Taath.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.

Physical appearance:

Below a pair of blank staring eyes, several paths of drool find their way from his mouth and down to his chest.

                        Visible Equipment
A damaged short platinum staff                     (right hand)
A heavy brushed copper ring mail                   (armor)
A rough hewn maple shield                          (shield)
A demonic looking fire lizard skull helm           (on head)
A faintly glowing amber skull                      (around neck)
A pair of thick leather work gloves                (over hands)
A bear totem bone tribal band                      (ring (left))
A pair of muddy grey broadcloth overalls           (pants)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Gia says, "I will be holding the question list"

Gia says, "so if you have a question, please go ahead and whisper to me"

Gia says, "I will put you on the list"

Snowball just entered through an open wooden door.

Kalessin just entered from the southeast.

Kalessin blinks.

Snowball sits down.

Grimn, with a swarm of gnats, just entered from the southeast.

Muhr says, "Whisper your hellos to your friends as they come in. Use informational commands like look or info to keep from being kicked out. Let's try to keep the scroll down."

Grad, not sure of his destination, just entered from the southeast.

Gia says, "okay, first question comes to us from Anyah"

Saek just entered from the southeast.

Anyah whistles.

Montis just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia listens intently to Anyah.

Anyah asks, "I noticed that my class does not have the ability to use stance.. will that be changing, or is it a magick class thing that stops us from having it?"

grin to Grips
Grips is looking at you.
You grin to Grips.
>
Gia asks, "you are a bard?"

Ranier just entered from the southeast.

Anyah asks, "Also, since we do not have the stance.. Yes, a bard.. does that mean that I can hunt rats now?"

Anyah winks.

Ranier says, "teh stancorz"

Ranier sits down.

Kambralyn just entered through an open wooden door.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Grad the Thugian, Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Montis the Monitanian, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), and Lady Gia the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
The ringlets collapse onto themselves, ending as small purple sparks on the end of Kalessin's claws.

*** QUESTION AND ANSWER SESSION ON THE NEW SYSTEM IS BEING HELD IN THE OOC INN STARTING NOW ***

Vaile says, "You won't be seeing stances any time soon with the Bards."

Jurax just entered through an open wooden door.

Anyah asks, "What does that mean for the class?"

Mikasi just entered through an open wooden door.

Binx's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "Mostly means you're not really a weapon based class."

Binx sits down.

Anyah asks, "Also the magick delays.. will that change?"

Slade just entered through an open wooden door.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
You see the 1st squirrel (wearing a small gold collar).
In the room are Grad the Thugian, Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Montis the Monitanian, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Kavita the Noble Secian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Slade the Psycian, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, and Mikasi the Noble Drake.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
In a rainbow shimmer, Baily appears.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
You see the 1st squirrel (wearing a small gold collar).
In the room are Grad the Thugian, Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Montis the Monitanian, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Kavita the Noble Secian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Slade the Psycian, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, and Mikasi the Noble Drake.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Anyah says to Vaile, "Right, but the npcs will still be hitting regularly.."

Thurrg just entered through an open wooden door.

Thurrg says, "whoa"

Anyah says, "Or more so"

Tchori just entered from the south.

Thurrg leans on Gia.

Suupidosutaa's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Anyah says, "with a 73 DR."

Anyah wrinkles her nose.

Feletia just entered through an open wooden door.

In a rainbow shimmer, Qazl appears.

The squirrel cleans its face.

Suupidosutaa hisses What's new about it?

Vaile says, "Odds are the critters will be hitting less, as they now have a chance, where many didn't before."

The squirrel skulks nervously.

Vaile says, "A few quick things to clear up in general..."

Thurrg waves to Vaile.

Luna fans her wings.

Skylar just entered.

Luna hops up and down.

Gia says, "quiet all"

Gia says, "please no extra actions"

Vaile says, "One is right now criticals are going through armor a lot more than they should, about 1 in every 20 attacks is a critical, and of those only one in five or so should ignore armor, where right now all of them do."

In a rainbow shimmer, Caelan appears.

Vaile says, "Err, all of them but two of them do."

The squirrel makes little squeeking noises at you.

The squirrel cleans its face.

Binx says, "that's happening for monsters too"

Muhr says, "Fams out please."

Vaile nods to Binx.

The black kitten meows softly.

Berelain just entered through an open wooden door.

Berelain sits down.

Vaile says, "Monsters use the exact same chart, they just don't get to change stances."

Vaile says, "Or get weapon type bonuses, yadda yadda"

Mack says, "For those that just joined us, no actions, no speaking, no greeting friends, if you have a question, whisper to Gia"

In a rainbow shimmer, Traelyn appears.

The squirrel just left via an open wooden door.

Gideon just entered through an open wooden door.

The black kitten just left via an open wooden door.

Gideon sits down.

Vaile says, "Also currently monsters fumble effects are not working, they don't slow them down, they will do so hopefully by tomorrow."

Vaile says, "Finally, fumble delays (especially a total fumble) are higher than they should be, that should be fixed tomorrow too."

Hott's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Hott sits down.

Vigo just entered through an open wooden door.

Mildew just entered through an open wooden door.

Hott listens intently.

Vaile says, "I think right now a total fumble is like 4x delay for your swing, and lesser ones are 2x and 3x delay. They'll end up more like 2 and 3 seconds, and 5 for a total fumble."

Vaile says, "Same deal for monsters fumbling."
wh to gia is the ist long?
You whisper to Gia.
>
Gia says, "L"

Gia asks Anyah, "does that answer your question?"

Ethalis says to Gia, "You see a bunch of people"

Kavita has left Binx's group.

Kavita, sparkling motes of holy magick trailing, just went through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "Back to the question at hand, one thing Bards will benefit from to raise their casting DR (on top of the fact they get hit about 20% less of the time now) is their armor spell is slightly better, and they will make use of the brawling skill shortly..."

Anyah asks, "So in my case, as a bard, or a heart, monsters will hit about the same? How will it affect me in the games with a player?"

Renalk just entered through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "to raise there base DR from there as well to help against monsters, should they so choose."

Clive's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Clive sits down.

Dimmock just entered through an open wooden door.

Anyah nods to Vaile.

Aurus sits down.

Aurus has left Clive's group.

Dimmock extinguishes his flaming smooth handled wooden torch.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian, Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian, Suupidosutaa the Monitanian (holding a glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Slade the Psycian, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Feletia the Draco, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Luna the Anthian, Tchori the Leuian, Mikasi the Noble Drake, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Aurus the Usil Elf (seated), and Mildew the Human.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Shaleu sits down.

Tazzie sits down down next to sha.

Vaile says, "Monsters will hit you about 25% less, your armor spell is a little bit better, and you'll shortly have the available option with brawling of raising your casting DR."

Vaile says, "Keep in mind as well two other major factors..."

Shaleu hugs Tazzie.

Vaile says, "One is that shield parry will soon be working against all targets, and that's taken into account in this system, instead of just the person you set the shield on."

Hott listens intently.

Thurrg sits down.

Anyah says, "Nice."

Slade just appeared.

Vaile says, "Right now large groups of monsters are pretty tough, but soon you'll be able to parry large groups of monsters as well."
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian (holding a glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Feletia the Draco, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Luna the Anthian, Tchori the Leuian, Mikasi the Noble Drake, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Aurus the Usil Elf (seated), and Mildew the Human.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Anyah asks Vaile, "will spells set shields or still weapons only?"

Grad's stomach growls.

Thurrg's stomach growls.

Gallaior's stomach growls.

Ranier's stomach growls.

Vaile says, "You won't ever need to set it"

Vaile says, "You just ready it"

Anyah nods.

Merant just removed some Elven waybread from within his open large frayed grey burlap rucksack.
You see Merant take a bite of his Elven waybread.

Renalk asks, "But it'll block a lot less than before, right?"

Vaile says, "The second thing to keep in mind is healing has been made much more effective on low levels, so you can make use of that to heal up faster and better as well."

Vaile says to Renalk, "It could stop the whole swing, could only stop part of it."

Vaile nods to Renalk.

Vaile asks Anyah, "That help?"

Suupidosutaa's glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard flickers for a moment.

Gia says, "Next on the List is Julien. "

Anyah asks, "The second question, or maybe its the third or fourth by now... spell delays.. will that change for bards and hearts? I read that it had not taken place yet, but will?"

Gia says, "oops"

Suupidosutaa extinguishes his glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard.

Vaile nods to Anyah.

Gia says, "julien hold"

Vaile says, "It has taken place already"

Anyah nods to Vaile.

Ananta sits down.

Anyah says, "Aight.. done."

Anyah says to Vaile, "thanks"

Gia smiles.

Vaile nods up and down.

Gia says to Julien, "your up"

Tennant says, "heart walls seem a lot more effective now, FWIW"

Gia says to Julien, "when you are ready"

Hott raises his hand.

Julien says, "#1."

Mental just went through an open wooden door.

Gwena just entered through an open wooden door.

Hott nods.

Mental just entered through an open wooden door.

Julien asks, "This is the first time I've been around all day, and earlier I heard something about townspeople hitting near maxed meleers.  Since, I've heard there's been a second update.  Can you give any information about the day's proceedings?"

Vaile says, "Anything can potentially hit anything now, so yes, townsman with a high quality swing could hit basically anyone."

Julien says, "My information as-is is rather rough, and I'm sure there are several people that haven't an idea what things were like today."

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Feletia the Draco, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Luna the Anthian, Tchori the Leuian, Mikasi the Noble Drake, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Aurus the Usil Elf (seated), Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, and Ananta the Noble Elder (seated).
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Julien says, "Someone said it was approximately a 10% chance for anything to hit anything"

Gia says, "well today is gone"

Vaile says, "They are doing armor ignoring blows a lot more than they should, and aren't fumbling, but that goes with the stuff mentioned earlier we should have fixed tomorrow."

Julien asks, "Doesn't that mean a room full of blocking rats could kill a maxed hand?"

Vaile says, "If the maxxed hand sat there long enough."

Vaile nods.

Vaile says, "Sounds like a good reason not to get in a room of 10 rats."

Vaile winks.

Julien asks, "But not if the hand was trying to leave and was constantly blocked?"

Vaile chuckles.

Muhr says, "So kill some of the rats."

Thurrg stands up.

Scruple just appeared.

Vaile says, "You do criticals now, you'd mow them down."

Vaile winks.

Renalk says, "Sounds like an inventive new way to kill someone. Load a room up with rats then lock em in."

Julien says, "I've been stuck in a room with 8 monsters for 10 minutes before, before I knew that disconnecting from combat had it's exceptions in the rules."

Ranier says, "that is gobbie tactic s"

Vaile says to Julien, "I imagine you won't wait around for 8 monsters to build up anymore then."

Julien grins.

Gia asks Julien, "did we answer you question?"

Vaile grins.

Julien nods.

Julien says, "I've got another tiny one"

Gia listens intently.

Muhr says, "If you are a maxed hand and haven't gotten spellcasting up to the point you can translocate, stop scripting and actually hunt."

Julien says, "I heard there was still an incentive to be level 41, instead of just getting up to level 20."

Draffut just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says to Julien, "was that a question"

Draffut sits down.

Gia says, "or a comment"

Julien says, "Sorry, was responding to something else"

Tyviel'a says, "There are still reasons, the OR DR system still plays the biggest factor into the to be hit system."

Binx briefly touches Grimn.

Binx briefly touches Berelain.

Vaile says, "We can set you to level 20 if you want, and you let us know if it's ok."

Vaile winks.

Thurrg readies a heavy steel forge hammer.

Mikasi glances at Binx.

Berelain smiles at Binx.

Gia asks Julien, "so you are all set?"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian, Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Feletia the Draco, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Luna the Anthian, Tchori the Leuian, Mikasi the Noble Drake, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Aurus the Usil Elf (seated), Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), and Draffut the Drake (seated).
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Aceris asks, "So then could you set me to 41 and let me try it out?"

Vaile grins to Aceris.

Gia grins at Aceris.

Julien says, "I was referring to something about increased chances of criticals or something of the like."

Shaleu grins.

Vaile says to Aceris, "You'll have to trade with Julien."

Julien says, "But yeah, I'm as good as done."

Treyfalgar just appeared.

Anyah leans on Treyfalgar.

Kersaii just entered through an open wooden door.

Treyfalgar pulls Anyah closer to him.

Treyfalgar leans on Anyah.

Gia says, "next on our list for questions is .."

Kersaii just went through an open wooden door.

Gia says to Tennant, "when your ready"

Gia smiles at Tennant.

Tennant says, "I have two and a half questions"

Gia chuckles.

Elerissi just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia nods.

Gia listens intently.

Tennant asks, "the first-- when will missles/crossbows have armor piercing?"

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "They do."

Rone just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says, "they do"

Grimn's stomach growls.

Thurrg's stomach growls.

Traelyn's stomach growls.

Ranier's stomach growls.

Rone sits down.

Tennant asks, "since when?"

Rone tends his wounds.

Orlando sits down.

Gia says, "in fact, I would suggest testing them out"

Rone tends his wounds.

Muhr says, "Since this morning."

Tennant says, "I was doing 20-25 pts with steel bolts"

Rone says, "Thanks"

Rone stands up.

Traelyn blinks.

Gia nods to Treyfalgar.

Vaile asks Tennant, "And? Need more info than that."

Tennant says, "OK, everyone's whispering to me that I'm just unlucky"

Gia grins.

Gia nods to Tennant.

Tennant says, "well, that's what I was doing before the update"

Vaile says to Tennant, "They do pierce armor, trust me, we tested them all."

Vaile nods.

Gia says to Tennant, "I would suggest looking at all missiles"

Tennant says, "and now its taking 1 sec longer to do it"

Gia says, "for crossbows yes"

Vaile says, "You'll find crossbows especially have greatly improved armor piercing, on top of already doing better damage."

Yu'lin wrinkles his nose.

Tennant says, "in 8 hits, I didn't do more than 26 pts"

Tennant shrugs.

Tennant says, "even on a terrific"

Vaile says, "Go shoot 992 more, and come back and let me know."

Tennant asks, "you paying for my ammo?"

Tennant grins.

Suupidosutaa grins.

Vaile laughs.

Tennant says, "ok"

Muhr says, "Not all terrifics are criticals. Some are just auto-hits."

Tennant asks, "what will the progression be for brawling?"

Vaile nods to Muhr.

Aurus stands up.

Aurus, the wandering mage, just went through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "Don't let the messages fool you on attacks, a lot of the ones will say "amazing" or "incredible" it just means you auto-hit."

Vaile says, "The damage only is effected on like perfects, criticals, and one other."

Stanrar just entered from the southeast.

Aceris says, "Exceptional"

Ward says, "awesome"

Vaile exclaims, "righteous!"

Suupidosutaa hisses Dude!!

Gia chuckles.

Vaile coughs.

Tennant says, "fantastic"

Mack says, "peachy"

Anyah chuckles.

Gia says, "okay folks"

Traelyn asks, "unbelievable?"

Gia says, "okay folks"

Gia says, "shhhh"

Maiz just went southeast.

Tennant asks, "anyway, I'll go test missles more, what about brawling progression?"

Gia asks Tennant, "did you have 1/2 question left?"

Vaile says to Tennant, "You'll probably see a 3/3 progression across the board for brawling."

Ranier exclaims, "flawless victory!"

Tennant asks, "will all classes get it?"

Slade laughs.

Vaile snickers.

Vaile nods to Tennant.

Maiz just entered from the southeast.

Tennant says, "ok, the half question"

Muhr says, "But don't take that as gospel, it's not set in stone yet."

Vaile says, "It'll be things like kick, punch, tackle, the basic RP type commands, with a roll added to see if you hit and does a little damage."

Julien asks, "brawling is actually implemented?"

Gia listens intently to Tennant.

Tennant whines when are you going to fix the heart group ablative?

Julien says, "Holy..."

Muhr says to Julien, "Not yet, no."

Gia says to Tennant, "it should be fixed"

Gia ponders the meaning of the universe for a moment.

Tennant says to Gia, "I agree"

Tennant nods firmly.

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian, Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Mel the Leuian, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Feletia the Draco, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Mikasi the Noble Drake, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Elerissi the Noble Human, Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "Think she means it should be working now."

Mack says, "Again, try to refrain from comments, talking, etc. when you don't have the floor please."

Gia says to Tennant, "it was on the list to get done"

Gia says to Tennant, "I have yet to check it though"

Tennant says, "ok"

Muhr says, "And please try to ask questions about this update and not future ones. :)"

Vaile says, "We'll check it out later and see, wasn't a group around earlier to test it on."

Vaile chuckles.

Tennant says, "that's it, I'll try it after the meeting"

Vaile nods.

Gia says, "okay next up"

Gia says to Grimn, "when you are ready"

Grimn says, "alright first one is sorta dumb"
who alarian

                Current Alarian Adventurers:

Current Adventurers


You notice 0 adventurers.
who shaman
>
                Current Shaman Adventurers:

Current Adventurers


You notice 0 adventurers.
>
Grimn says, "I saw that you made gobs and flerians effectively "dodge" better"
who assassin

Grimn says, "non skill related of course"

                Current Assassin Adventurers:

Current Adventurers


You notice 0 adventurers.
>
Vaile nods.

Grimn asks, "you guys positive you didn't tweak our chance to hit crits in the process?"

Vigo just appeared.

Vaile exclaims, "Nope!"

Grimn says, "I think i've hit like one in a hundred swings"

Grimn says, "alright"

Grimn says, "now about weapon variation"

Grimn says, "you changed shorts to hit easier, and two handers to pierce a bit"

Vaile nods.

Qazl just appeared.

Grimn asks, "what about weapon types in regards to sharp/blunt/pole?"

Grimn says, "poles are slightly heavier and less available, but mechanically own"

Vaile says, "That's something we're looking at doing shortly."

Vaile nods.

Grimn asks, "is there going to be anything done with that?"

Grimn says, "great"

Grimn says, "uh..."

Grimn says, "Frontie drain"

Gia says, "worked on"

Vaile says, "We wanted to make sure we had all of this fit together correctly before we go from there."

Grimn says, "It seems to have had it's max drain changed from like 15 to 20"

Vaile shakes his head from side to side.

Grimn says, "well that's what we were noticing earlier..."

Draffut stands up.

Draffut just went through an open wooden door.

Grimn says, "at like a max drain"

Vaile says, "Basically it returns double what it takes now, so you get double what it used to give."

Feletia just went through an open wooden door.

Grimn says, "it seems to return 1.5 what it drains"

Muhr says, "Still drains the same amount."

Mikasi just went through an open wooden door.

Grimn says, "but regardless, it still isnt as effective for mages as a vig spell"

Grimn says, "I understand that vig spells are supposed to be better"

Vaile says, "It should be just as or more, and on top of it be draining."

Grimn says, "but in such, it makes drain more of a perk for fighters than mages"

Vaile says, "Again, it should be returning more than that."

Grimn says, "well the draining aspect only really helps in PvP"

Grimn says, "I didnt see one over 20"

Grimn says, "and thats a 7 sec delay"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian, Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Mel the Leuian, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Gwoss the Monitanian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Grad's stomach growls.

Stanrar's stomach growls.

Vaile says, "Should be better, we'll check it out"

Vaile shrugs.

Binx says, "maybe it's stat dependent"

Grimn says, "if drain affected NPCs, it would be more useful"

Grimn nods.

Grimn says to Vaile, "alright thanks"

Elerissi just appeared.

Grimn says, "lastly..."

Gia nods.

Grimn says, "I was wondering if the stances are going to be adjusted"

Grimn says, "reason being:"

Grimn says, "I was set with my 305 DR"
You see Vaile retreat 5 UDs to the rear!

Grimn asks, "max sharps right?"

Vaile touches Grimn.

Vaile touches Grimn.

Grimn's body spasms for a few seconds!

Grimn says, "set on defensive"

Vaile touches Grimn.

Grimn mutters at Vaile.

Vaile touches Grimn.

Grimn's body spasms for a few seconds!

Vaile says, "I'm curious"

Vaile touches Grimn.

Grimn's body spasms for a few seconds!

Vaile touches Grimn.

Grimn's body spasms for a few seconds!
l at v

Vixen looks like a 5'4" standard adolescent average boned, wirey-tough bodied San Elf.
She is seated.
She has very long, wavy, auburn hair, with almond shaped pitch black eyes, and looks neat.
She appears to be annoyed right now.
She bears the mark of Set.
She can be attacked by other players.

On her neck is an intricately twisted scar. Deep red marks glisten as if they were the scales of some large serpent, two deep yellow bite marks serve as eyes..

She appears to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to her clothing.

Physical appearance:

Her long auburn hair loosely frames her face and highlights her dark brooding eyes.   A baggy, high-collared sweater barely conceals her curvaceous figure.

                        Visible Equipment
A short spiraling ruby-hilted emiel bodice dagger  (right hand)
A heavy orichalcum swirling shadow armor           (armor)
A blackened ruby-studded morbius parrying dagger   (shield)
A malevolent blood red ruby rose pendant           (around neck)
Some high-heeled black leather pumps               (on feet)
A ruby clasped onyx trimmed silk cloak             (over armor)
A malevolent blood red ruby thorn ring             (ring (left))
A ruby inlaid jackal-etched morbius band           (ring (left))
Some tight silk hip webbing                        (pants)
A deep ruby red cowled sweater                     (shirt)

She has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

l at va\
>
Vaile looks like a 0'8" standard elderly light boned, slender bodied Newt.
He is bald, with no eyes, and looks disheveled.
He appears to be giddy right now.
He bears the mark of Odarous.
He can be attacked by other players.

On his right bicep is a tattoo of a fiery red blade with ivy wrapped around it..

On his chest is a tattoo of a a swirling black dragon.

He has no apparent injuries, but looks haggard.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to his clothing.

Physical appearance:

Perhaps the smallest being you have ever seen! Attached to his clothing is a sign that reads, "Do what your character would do!"

                        Visible Equipment
nothing                                            (armor)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Grimn says, "and a lvl 11 thug zerker was hitting me"

Grimn says, "like 1 in 5"

Grimn says, "eh..."

Thurrg shuffles his feet.

Grimn says, "should that thug have had a good two hander"

Luna, eyes fixed on the ground, just appeared.

Grimn says, "he could have killed me before I killed him"

Grimn says, "and someone like that has nothing to lose by setting on frenzy"

Vaile says, "Actually they do."

Grimn says, "they get hit by everything anyways, especially  a zerker"

Vaile says, "It turns auto-miss rolls into hits for you attacking them."

Grimn says, "well that's good to hear"

Vaile says, "So where you've got say, maybe 1/5 chance of missing him in normal, it's more like 1/10 when he's frenzied."

Grimn says, "but I still feel it's a bit out of line that a level 11 thug can take out a max gob thief on defensive with 305 DR"

Ward furrows his brow.

Vaile says, "They get lucky, they could kill you, just how it works now."

Ward asks Vaile, "did you have that backwards?"

Vaile shakes his head from side to side at Ward.

Muhr says, "Adds more strategy to combat as well. You might think about using a shield against someone with high damage now. Or consider using a two-handed to do more damage in hopes of killing them quickly."

Berelain says, "chance of miss."

Ward says, "oh"

Ward babbles.

Grimn says, "I like the fact that it adds strategy and lets lower levels have a chance"

Vaile says, "Or use some of your spells in combination, what ever."

Gwoss just went through an open wooden door.

Grimn says, "I just thought the lvl 41 vs 11 is a bit much"

Muhr says, "Frenzy is also a drain on fatigue."

Mack asks Grimn, "The Thug was prezerked?"

Vaile nods to Grimn.

Grimn says to Mack, "yeah I zerked him"

Grimn asks, "Frenzy drains ftg?"

Vaile nods.

Muhr says, "As does Defensive."

Mack says to Grimn, "So he'll be wiffing at the start anyway"

Grimn says to Mack, "dont take much to set off a low lvl barb"

Vaile says, "They have a higher chance of fumbling, and getting more added delays with all those zerk swings too."

Gia asks Grimn, "all set?"

Grimn says, "alright well my suggestion/question has stopped so I'll pass to the next person"

Grimn nods to Gia.

Vaile says, "But anyway, zerk and parry should be on the board for our next larger update, and you'll see some of the zerk issues there be dealt with."

Gia exclaims to Merant, "your Up!"

Merant asks, "Regards to fumbling, is there a chance that the frequency of occurence will be adjusted to something more realistic for someone that's mastered or near-mastered a weapon? "

Vaile shakes his head from side to side.

Hott says, "humm"

Vaile says, "You can improve that chance by using FF, using a short weapon, or going into an offensive stance though."

Tyviel'a just went south.

Ranier laughs.

Vaile says, "Your level 41 effectively makes it so that you're not getting hit the other 60-70% of swings."

Kithrael just entered through an open wooden door.

Kithrael sits down.

Vaile says, "Or you're hitting your other 80% of swings."

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Grad the Thugian, Dimmock the Drag-al, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Aurak the Monitanian (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Thurrg the Thugian, Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Mel the Leuian, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Elerissi the Noble Human, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Saek the Noble Drake, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Jurax the Penthanian, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Binx the Secian (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Luna the Anthian, Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "And high levels have lower delays on their fumbles."

Aurak gestures at Vaile in a very offensive stance.

Dimmock just went through an open wooden door.

Vaile gasps and runs home crying.

Thurrg just went through an open wooden door.

Merant says, "An archer is really screwed on the fumbles"

Merant says, "They are essentially unarmed"

Noffbrau just entered through an open wooden door.

Noffbrau blinks.

Muhr says, "Only if they fumble on the last missile in the quiver."

Gia says, "well they did fumble"

Draffut just entered through an open wooden door.

Draffut sits down.

Vaile asks Merant, "Was that a question?"

Vaile furrows his brow.

Binx stands up.

Binx just went through an open wooden door.

Gia asks Merant, "anything else?"

Saek just went through an open wooden door.

Merant shakes his head from side to side to Gia.

Gia exclaims, "okay next up! Ranier!"

Gia says to Ranier, "when your ready"

Hott listens intently.

Ranier says, "ok"

Ranier says, ";sorry I had to get another drink"

You hear a car whiz by that makes a noise that sounds like, "Raaaaaniiieeeeer beeeeeeeeer"

Gramliz just entered through an open wooden door.

Treyfalgar laughs.

Ranier asks, "Can NPCs be affected by buffs and debuffs yet?"

Luna blinks.

Suupidosutaa snickers.

Ranier scowls.

Vaile says, "Not yet, that's on the to do list, though a little further down."

Ranier nods.

Ranier says, "ok, ,and one more thing"

Vaile says, "It's something we'd like to have fixed to add another class here in the near future, so we'll get it done along with that probably."

Ranier says, "with the flerian/gob dodge, is it possible to get a combat message showing the dodge happen"

Ranier says, "instead of it being totally behind the scenes"

Mel just went through an open wooden door.

Yu'lin's stomach growls.

Kalessin's stomach growls.

Slade's stomach growls.

Anyah's stomach growls.

Ranier says, "just to make us feel better"

Vaile says, "Hmm, I'll look into it, I don't think so, because it's used in calculations for a bunch of other things like the short sharp bonus, FF, etc."

Vaile says, "But if so, we'll see what we can do."

Vaile nods to Ranier.

Vaile says, "For RP if nothing else, would be fun."

Ranier says, "aight den mmmhmm"

Ranier says, "I reckon I'm done mmhmmm"

Gia smiles.

Gia says, "next we have Aceris"

Gia says to Aceris, "when your ready"

Aceris says, "I guess I can afford to be blunt so..."

Gia nods to Noffbrau.

Xaphania, neat, just entered through an open wooden door.

Xaphania sits down.

Vaile asks, "At 10 dollars an hour?"

Vaile squints at Aceris.

Aceris asks, "Why was dodging switched from being a skill to something only two races can have?"

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Elerissi the Noble Human, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Kalessin the Noble Drake, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Luna the Anthian, Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Haberthan just entered through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "Well, it never was a skill soooo.."

Gia nods to Skylar.

Aceris says, "a "future" skill then"
smash door
help amSH
>Unknown command, "amSH."
>
Noffbrau just went through an open wooden door.
HELP SMASH

Command name: smash

Description
-----------
Command is not implemented at this time.

Syntax
------
SMASH <object>

Examples
--------
                                                                                   

>
Noffbrau just entered through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "We have no idea if we're going to use dodging or not, I think we want to see how parry goes first, my inclination is it won't be needed, but the Gobbie/Flerian thing is to toss a couple races without racial bonuses a done."

Vaile says, "err -bone-."

Mack says, "Dodge as a real skill was too effective."

Vaile says, "Isn't anything else to it."

Luna, skipping along gleefully, just went through an open wooden door.

Gia pokes Julien.

Aceris asks, "Doesn't that kinda make Gobs and Flerians essentially one of the best meleers in the game now?"

Ranier laughs.

Aceris says, "Since they have the least chance of being hit"

Vaile says, "Sounds like something for you and your fellow players to debate when you decide what characters you want to roll up."

Gia nods to Snowball.

Renalk mutters Flerian conspiracy.

Aceris says, "Some of us don't roll up for mechanics"

Aceris winks.

Scruple exclaims, "Flerian Gate!"

Scruple coughs.

Grimn rolls on the floor laughing.

Gia asks Aceris, "your all set?"

Aceris says, "I suppose"

Gia nods to Ward.

Muhr says, "Seems the gobbies we have don't seem to think so. They've been reporting 'having their ass handed to them" today."

Gia says, "up next we have Mental"

Elerissi just went through an open wooden door.

Gia says to Mental, "when your ready"

Mental asks, "Was there any changes to psion spellcasting?"

Vaile says, "Nupe"

Tchori laughs.

Mental asks, "When the shield changes come in they will be based on class right?"

Gia says to Mental, "a while back yes"

Mental nods.

Mental says, "I know about those"

Vaile nods to Mental.

Gia nods.

Vaile says, "Correctomundo"

Mental asks, "So would I just have less chance to block?"

Tchori nods.

Mental asks, "Or would i take more damage even if i block then a fighter?"

Kalessin just appeared.

Vaile says, "I'd venture to guess the first."

Varnfair just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says, "shields are not done"

Gia says, "thus hard to answer"

Vaile says, "Though it isn't done yet, so we'll see."

Vaile nods.

Mental nods.

Gia asks Mental, "anything else?"

Mental asks, "Also archery is back to the way it was before?"

Mack says, "Let's try to keep future questions to This update please."

Vaile says, "Right now, to give you an idea of how freakishly close we are to finishing this crazy thing."

Gia grins at Vaile.

Vaile says, "Our next core update, which shouldn't be too far behind this, should be parry, zerk, and a little surprise among some other things."

Muhr says, "It's not back to the way it was before, was more or less ignoring armor. It has penetration based on if it is a sling, a bow or a crossbow."

Vaile says, "Then we're left with Psi and MA, which idealy will be the next major update to follow."

Tchori coughs close the guild.

Julien snickers.

Mental asks, "whats the difference between sling and crossbow?"

Nezril just appeared.  Accompanied by a raven.

Mental asks, "damage and penatration?"

Vaile says, "And delay"

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
You see the 1st raven (wearing a small gold collar).
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Mental asks, "sling does more damage?"

Jubilation just entered through an open wooden door.

Pirotese just entered through an open wooden door.

Vaile shakes his head from side to side.

Gia raises an eyebrow at Mental.

Gia says, "nope"

Muhr says, "Crossbows take an extra second, slings are like the short version of missiles. Crossbows like two-handers."

Gia nods to Skylar.

Mental says, "oh ok thanks"

Mental asks, "can I ask if you have any idea how psions are gonna be changed?>"

Mental smirks.

Vaile says, "We'll make the rest of them glow in the dark."

Tchori laughs.

Muhr says, "Yep, you can ask."

Clive chuckles.

Mental grins.

Gia says to Mental, "they will be in line with everyone else"

Mental says, "Ok then i ask"

The gold spotted green day gecko makes a strange noise.

Mack asks, "Basic info can be found at http://p077.ezboard.com/fdragonsgatefrm1.showMessage?topicID=564.topic"

Mental asks, "As in?"

The gold spotted green day gecko just left via an open wooden door.

The raven lets out a streak of loud screeching caws.

Mental says, "ah alright"

Muhr says, "As in you'll see when it's done."

A gold spotted green day gecko just entered via an open wooden door.

Gia says, "again, they are not done so I can not answer that"

Shaleu just appeared.

The gold spotted green day gecko just left via an open wooden door.

Mental nods.

Jubilation glances.

The raven just left via an open wooden door.

Gia says to Ward, "when your ready"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, and Baily the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Mental asks, "slings have the better chance to hit like short weapons?"

Kambralyn just went south.

Vaile shakes his head from side to side.

Kambralyn just entered from the south.

Ward says, "Alright, What affects to the stances have on your ftg when you attack, get attacked, and move around"

Orlando stands up.

Gia nods to Berelain.

Ward coughs.

Yu'lin's stomach growls.

Shaleu stands up.

Shaleu is now following Tchori.

Tchori's group just went southeast.

Vaile says, "Major stances, frenzied and defensive, can effect them slightly."

Varnfair just went southeast.

Sindelle, with her eyebrows furrowed tightly, just entered from the east.

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went north.

Sindelle blinks.

Ward says, "ok, 2nd question then..o Added new compositions"

Ward asks, "can you tell us about that?"

Vaile removes his nothing.

Vaile puts on a heavy old banded bloodstone mail.

Gia says to Ward, "Actually"

Gia says, "yes, I have someone putting together a showcase"

Vaile squints at the heavy old banded bloodstone mail.

Gia says, "it should be here shortly"

Gia grins at Vaile.

Vaile asks Muhr, "What to tell them what you're doing too?"

Tchori's group just entered from the southeast.

Tchori disbands his group.

Gia nods to Muhr.

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the north.

Muhr says, "In the process of getting a post together about them as well. They're going to be ERC peddle only for a bit I believe."

Ward says, "will you tell us where they fall into place or will we have to buy and test"

Gia ponders that.

Vaile says, "I can tell you I have no idea."

Agilulf ponders that also.

Gia says, "depends how mean we are"

Ward chuckles.

Pirotese grins.

Slade just appeared.

Ward says, "one last question if I may"

Muhr says, "Also going to be explaining what the old ones like drathain, actar and such look like to clear up confusion with those."

Jubilation beams.

Centanil just appeared.

Varnfair just entered from the southeast.

Gia nods to Ward.

Ward nods to Muhr.
l se
[OOC Inn, Testing Hall.]

Flickering torches hover over several tables, surrounded with chairs, crowd the back part of the room. Dirty ashtrays and empty glasses litter the table tops. Crushed beer cans fill a large recycle bin in the corner. The people sitting around the tables engross themselves with the discussions of game mechanics or role play. Large practice targets stuck on wooden posts are scattered about the center floor. Covering most of the eastern wall, glass miniatures of the races of Aradath line the mantle of a large tudor fireplace with a roaring fire inside.  A large fireplace, a chair, a chair, a table, a chair, and a chair are here.

This room is illuminated.
Obvious exits: north* west* northwest*.
l sw
>There is nothing in that direction!
l s
>[OOC Inn.]

A plain white room with several chairs around the walls.  A chair, a chair, a chair, a chair, and a chair are here.

This room is illuminated.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east*.
l
>[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Slade the Psycian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Gia nods to Snowball.

Ward says, "Sounds like SP is gonna drop in % and wont block all, any given monster can hit you..."

Ward asks, "I know yall hate PTing but isnt this going to put a huge gap in new vs old players?"

Ward spits at Slade.

Vaile says, "For one, I don't think it will at all, we've actually vastly improved lower level characters abilities and function now."

Vaile says, "For one, they heal MUCH better at lower levels now."

Gia nods to Aceris.

Jubilation listens intently to Vaile.
l at anan

Ananta looks like a 5'6" standard young light boned, slender bodied Elder.
She is seated.
She has shoulder length, straight, glossy black hair with intricate braids, almond shaped violet eyes, and looks neat.
She appears to be amused right now.
She bears the mark of Set.
She can be attacked by other players.
She appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
A heavily jeweled gold headdress                   (on head)
An intricately carved lapis amulet                 (around neck)
A pair of gold-threaded plaited reed sandals       (on feet)
A shimmering gold-trimmed onyx lotus flower        (right ear)
A shimmering gold-trimmed onyx lotus flower        (left ear)
A diaphanous white linen pleated kalasiris         (dress)

She has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Muhr says, "And since parry can block all of the people attacking you whereas now it's just one target.. "

Qazl just appeared.

Pirotese blinks.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Gallaior the Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Vaile says, "Allowing them to hunt longer, and in harder places. They can also join into hunts for higher level areas with groups and actually contribute by hitting now, where before they'd never be able to help."

Ward says to Vaile, "but everything is gained by hunting now, and in groups for that matter. Our new players may run off when they see how they stack up"

Aceris frowns.

Suupidosutaa chuckles.

Vaile says, "I'd argue less is gained by hunting now than ever before, but that aside, I think they'll be happy to see they finally -can- do something now."

Traelyn nods to Caelan.
l at agil

Agilulf looks like a 6'6" standard mature light boned, wirey-tough bodied Human.
He has shoulder length, dredded, coarse purplish black hair, with dull black eyes, and looks casual.
He appears to be confused right now.
He bears the mark of Odarous.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
A two-handed gleaming colossal drathain zwei hande (right hand)
A heavy intricately carved drathain Maxmilian plat (armor)
A highly polished drathain visored bascinet        (on head)
A pair of burnished drathain gauntlets             (over hands)
A pair of shiny drathain sabatons and greaves      (on feet)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Vaile says, "Where as before, they couldn't do anything and didn't stack up. Personally, I think these changes have been answers to the questions you asked."

Slade just appeared.

Varnfair just appeared.

Gia asks Ward, "all set?"

Haberthan whispers, "they made hunting areas easier?"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
l at bai
>
Baily looks like a 6'8" standard young average boned, slender bodied Elder.
She has very long, braided, light blonde hair with colorful ribbons, ocean blue eyes, and looks neat.
She appears to be happy right now.
She can be attacked by other players.
She appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
A Hithual crafted carbide sword                    (right hand)
Some pink laced cream silk slippers                (on feet)
A long pale pink cream lace trimmed gown           (dress)
A pretty pink crepe gem pouch                      (on belt)

She has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Ward nods.

Shaleu just opened the closed striped iron chest.

Gia says, "before we get to our next question, the display case is ready"

Gia asks, "everyone want to see it?"
l at gia

Gia looks like a 7'8" standard ancient average boned, wirey-tough bodied Elder.
She is bald with intricate braids, almond shaped violet eyes, and looks razor-sharp.
She appears to be partying right now.
She can be attacked by other players.
She appears to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to her clothing.
                        Visible Equipment
A long violet low hip skirt                        (pants)
A violet silk thin strap top                       (shirt)

She has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Lady
  Favored of the Gods

>
Noffbrau nods up and down.

Jubilation nods.

Haberthan nods.

Centanil asks, "what display case?"

Gossamer nods up and down.

Vixen nods.

Tazzie nods.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, and an open black door are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Vixen the Noble San Elf (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf (seated), Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "It's not all of the new comps, but some of 'em."

A group of mongorians scurry by dropping a display case.

Gia nods to Kithrael.
l in dis
Inside the display case you see an intricately etched niello aegis, a heavily scarred chitin breastplate, a wickedly serrated bloodsteel bastard sword, an ice cold quicksilver mage's staff, a hooded vermillion runesilk greatcloak, a heavy hideous blood-stained demonskin jerkin, and a dangerously sharp moonstone hookstaff.
>
Gwena snickers.

Hott says, "nae for what"

Renalk exclaims, "Run. It's Mongolians!"

Gia says to Suupidosutaa, "your up next "
' sweet

Renalk says, "Oh."

Hroomha says, " sweet"
>
Gia says to Suupidosutaa, "when your ready"

Julien blinks.

Qazl stands up.

Haberthan whistles.

Qazl just went through an open wooden door.

Julien says, "I just wet myself"

Muhr wrinkles his nose.

Ward asks Muhr, "you'll explain which are castable and all that I assume?"

Muhr mutters about wet leuian fur.

Gwena says, "I need some bloodsteel."

Muhr nods to Ward.

A small circle clears out around where Julien was standing.

Ward snickers.

Aceris laughs.

Treyfalgar squints at Julien.

Julien exclaims, "moonstone armor!"
You see Montis retreat 1 UDs to the rear!

Suupidosutaa hisses Okay, ummm.

Gia says to Suupidosutaa, "when your ready"

Muhr says, "The new ones have a bit more description than the old ones at the moment when the post goes up. We'll see how creative and inspired I am between now and when it goes up."

Suupidosutaa hisses I know this subject has been touched before but for clarity I ask it again.

Vaile asks Muhr, "How many more are there, 12 beyond this?"

Muhr ponders.

Muhr says, "About that, yeah."

Vaile nods.

Vaile says, "So this is just a small sample of the new ones."

Vaile taps the display case.

Muhr says, "And we've got about a dozen more still to go in."

Centanil says, "I see"

Vaile nods to Suupidosutaa.

Jubilation drools.

Suupidosutaa hisses Shields block from small to all damage, more targets, but they hit the shield a lot LESS. Correct?

Vaile nods to Suupidosutaa.

Gia says to Suupidosutaa, "we are not 100% sure yet"

Vaile says, "That's the general idea though."

Qazl just entered through an open wooden door.

Caelan's stomach growls.

Montis's stomach growls.

Varnfair's stomach growls.

Gossamer's stomach growls.

Skylar's stomach growls.

Sindelle's stomach growls.

Muhr says, "Anything to go in a future update is a work in progress, entirely possible it will change as we test it or see what the code can do."

Vaile nods.

Gia asks Suupidosutaa, "anything else?"

Suupidosutaa hisses Okay, opinionatedly speaking, being a Monit Mage, these new changes are gonna make my character suckier than before, right?

Vaile shakes his head from side to side at Suupidosutaa.

Vixen stands up.

Vixen just went through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "For one, you're already getting hit 25% less of the time right now than you were before."

Mental just went through an open wooden door.

Mental just entered through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "For another, under the current plan you can parry more than one target in the room."
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Scruple the Noble Drag-al (seated), Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Grips the Noble Oog-ra (seated), Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Haberthan beams.
l at doo
l through doo
It looks like an open wooden door.
>[OOC Inn.]

A plain wood building dominates this courtyard. Swinging slightly in the breeze, is a sign with two brightly painted butterflies and the name of the Inn.  A white wooden sign and an open wooden door are here.

This room is illuminated.
You see the 1st gold spotted green day gecko (wearing a small gold collar) and the 1st raven (wearing a small gold collar).
Obvious exits: west*.
>
Vaile says, "And for another, your damage spells are not slightly faster, and your armor spells slightly more effective."

Vaile says, "I ran out of others, but there ya go."

Gia says, "they are slightly faster"

Vaile nods to Gia.

Vaile coughs.

Suupidosutaa hisses So far I've only seen things stack up against my race and especially class, it's why i ask.

Vaile shuffles his feet.

Grimn says, "now faster*"

Suupidosutaa hisses But, on another matter..

Gia says to Grimn, "super speed"

Grimn says to Gia, "as opposed to not faster"

Suupidosutaa hisses How does this also affect skills outside of the class? Like my bite?

Vaile says, "Bite like any other attack follows the same abilities to hit, fumble, and cause criticals, but it pierces armor now as well."

Kalessin just appeared.

Muhr says, "Your bite is more effective since you have auto-hits. And it has armor penetration."

Suupidosutaa hisses Which ranges differ from class to class.

Suupidosutaa hisses I'm asking based on class right now.

Vaile shakes his head from side to side at Suupidosutaa.

Vaile says, "All the same."

Muhr says, "Damage has nothing to do with class, just the OR/DR gains."

Suupidosutaa hisses That's what i'm talking about.

Vaile says, "And delay."

Vaile asks Suupidosutaa, "Sooo, what's your question?"

Tyviel'a says, "You also picked a race that is poorly suited to a mage."

Suupidosutaa hisses It's not the damage that concerns me, it's my effectiveness at it for it's class.

Vigo just appeared.

Muhr says, "Auto-hits have nothing to do with OR/DR. They automatically hit no matter your level or class or the targets level or class."

Pirotese raises an eyebrow.

Muhr says, "So you will be hitting more often than you used to."

Pirotese ponders.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Kalessin the Noble Drake, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Vigo the San Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "Hence, you are better with bite than you were yesterday."

Gia asks Suupidosutaa, "are you all set?"

Suupidosutaa hisses In other words, lucky shots, strictly?

Muhr says, "No."
l at tyv

Tyviel'a looks like a 51'9" standard 4th stage, winged light boned, average bodied rainbow Dragon.
It is bald, with almond shaped sapphire blue eyes, and looks casual.
It appears to be shocked right now.
It can be attacked by other players.
It appears to be in perfect health.

Physical appearance:

Hi


It has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Suupidosutaa hisses Gotcha. I'm done.
l at muh

Muhr looks like a 5'11" standard mature light boned, slender bodied Elder.
He is seated.
He is bald, with silvery gray eyes, and looks casual.
He appears to be distant right now.
He bears the mark of Taath.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to his clothing.

Physical appearance:

.

                        Visible Equipment
An obsidian-hilted carved bloodstone arch-demon fa (right hand)
A heavy glistening obsidian lorica segmentata      (armor)
Some bone studded leather gauntlets                (over hands)
Some soft leather breeches                         (pants)
A black linen tunic                                (shirt)
A faded supple leather scabbard                    (on belt)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Suupidosutaa nods.

Gia smiles.

Gia nods.

Varnfair readies a damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Kalessin the Noble Drake, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Qazl the San Elf, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Suupidosutaa the Monitanian, Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Vigo the San Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Gia says, "next up we have Yu'lin"

Gia says to Yu'lin, "when your ready"

Yu'lin nods to Gia.

Trinnity, Back from the dead, just entered through an open wooden door.
l at mac

Mack looks like a 1'1" standard seasoned massive boned, obese bodied Secian.
He is bald with long sideburns, bright yellow eyes, and looks filthy.
He appears to be irate right now.
He bears the mark of Odarous.
He can be attacked by other players.

On his right arm is a crudely drawn tattoo that reads "Mom".

He appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
A smoldering rotten cigar stub                     (right hand)
A pair of hideous black shoes                      (on feet)
An ale-stained white silk cloak                    (over armor)
A pair of tailored black cotton pants              (pants)
A tailored green cotton tunic                      (shirt)
>
Binx just entered through an open wooden door.
l at ethal

Ethalis looks like a 6'2" standard immature delicate boned, slender bodied Elder Fighter.
He is bald, with sapphire blue eyes, and looks messy.
He appears to be giddy right now.
He bears the mark of Taath.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.

Physical appearance:

It looks like a thing you can't explain.

                        Visible Equipment
A heavy thick banded bamboo armor                  (armor)
A large mirrored pilot glasses                     (on head)
A huge NKOTB button                                (around neck)
A slap bracelet                                    (over hands)
A pair of white canvas slip-on shoes               (on feet)
A denim jacket                                     (over armor)
Some wild patterned zubaz                          (pants)
A pink hypercolor t-shirt                          (shirt)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Yu'lin says, "Arrow Penitration, you stated was depeant upon sling vs bow vs crossbow."

Suupidosutaa, tail rapidly sliding out of sight, just went through an open wooden door.

Gia nods to Yu'lin.

Yu'lin asks, "Does the actual weapon make a difference, or is the % the same across the board?"

Vaile nods to Qazl.

Gia grins at Yu'lin.

In a rainbow shimmer, Qazl disappears.
l

Vigo just appeared.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Kalessin the Noble Drake, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Binx the Secian, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Vigo the San Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Draffut the Drake (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, and Centanil the Penthanian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Vaile asks, "In what sense?"

Vaile says, "Err nevermind, I understand."

Gia snickers.

Muhr says, "Actual weapon doesn't make any difference right now. All bows are the same, all slings are the same and all crossbows are the same."

Yu'lin says, "Will I see different penitration %'s by using two different bows"

Yu'lin asks, "That the final plan, or is it sloted for the weapon to make a diff?"

Draffut stands up.

Draffut just went through an open wooden door.

Yu'lin says, "...if you can't tell what I think would be a good idea."

Yu'lin grins.

Vaile says, "We'd like to make the weapon make a difference at some point."

Kalessin just went through an open wooden door.

Yu'lin says, "Done, for now"

Gia nods.

Gia says, "next up we have Berelain"

Gia says to Berelain, "when your ready"

Vaile says, "We've got a Forester and Thief updated sketched out for down the road where we'll get into some things like that."

Berelain says, "ok, what I noticed today... I got hit while wearing armor and shield both... for the max. No protection at all."

Binx just went through an open wooden door.

Berelain asks, "Is this a random thing, or can you tell me the percentage possiblity?"

Vaile says, "You can parry those blows, but armor piercing hits are happening more often than they are intended, a problem that should be fixed shortly."

Orlando sits down.

Muhr says, "6.25% if the phases of the moon are right and the proper blood sacrifices are made."

Haberthan ponders the meaning of the universe for a moment.

Ranier squints.

Pirotese grins.

Shaleu grins.

Berelain laughs and winks at murh.

Skylar snickers.

Berelain asks, "well, but it can happen anytime, right?"

Gia nods to Grimn.

Vaile nods to Berelain.

Ranier says, "they don't have to be virgin sacrifices though,  those are hard to find anymore"

Vaile says, "The odds are very low though, when it's fixed."

Anyah chuckles.

Muhr nods to Yu'lin.

Tennant asks Ranier, "even among DGaters?"

Yinnin just entered through an open wooden door.

Ethalis laughs.

Ranier says, "well, just the fat ones"

Vaile says, "Though you could get 2, or even 3 in a row, with better odds than winning the lottery."

Berelain says, "what I'm thinking... some of the bad critters hit really hard.. enough to kill me in 2."

Grimn cackles at Ranier.

Ranier is fat for an usil.

Cleric's stomach growls.

Slade's stomach growls.

Varnfair's stomach growls.

Anyah's stomach growls.

Yinnin's stomach growls.

Pirotese blinks.

Berelain nods to Vaile.

Gia says, "eat people"

Jubilation says, "add on the delay if you fumble"

Pirotese chuckles.

Ranier moans mooooore fooood.

Cleric says to Gia, "that's cannibalism"

Berelain nods to Jubilation.

Berelain says, "That's my concern..."

Hott nods.

Berelain says, "what with this enormous fumble delay..."

Vaile says, "So technicaly someday level 1 Ted the Flerian could go into the games, swing three times at Jabba, crush him into a bloody pulp, and run for his life because the next 999 times he'd lose."

Berelain says, "and the possibility of getting whacked super-hard 2 or 3 times..."

Berelain says, "dead."

Tyviel'a says, "It has already been stated fumble is being fixed, no reason to bring that into the equation."

Haberthan chuckles.

Vaile says, "It's the American way."

Vaile nods to Berelain.

Jubilation says, "oh, I missed that"

Jubilation pokes Tyviel'a.

Vaile says, "Give the little guy a chance."

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian (seated), Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Centanil the Penthanian, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Jubilation whimpers.

Mack says, "Which means it can finally hurt to take a sword blow to the head."

Gia asks Berelain, "all set?"

Vaile snickers.

Berelain nods up and down.

Berelain says, "Thanks."

Pirotese grins.

Vigo just appeared.

Gia says, "welcome"

Gia says, "we are now up to Hott"

Gia says to Hott, "when your ready"

Smaugus's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Hott stands up.

Smaugus grins.

Vaile says, "yes, super crazy fumble time will be fixed."

Vaile nods.

Berelain giggles.

Vaile says, "And monsters will start fumbling correctly and get delays too"

Smaugus nods to Sevi.

Haberthan chuckles.

Cleric says to Vaile, "You can keep the long fumbles for the monsters then"

Vaile laughs.

Pirotese claps.

Vaile says, "We'll see."

Xaphania, neat, just appeared.

Hott says, "humm im older the y3 elders"

Vaile says, "We might do that just to freak out the people who try and keep track of that stuff."

Ranier furrows his brow.

Gia says, "quiet for Hott please"

Vaile says to Hott, "But x7 elders are older than you."

Vaile squints at Hott.

Hott says, " i was abeta"

Shaleu grins.

Gia says to Hott, "me too"

Vaile says, "And they were aalpha"

Smaugus sits down.

Baily says, "I was only a gold fish"

Baily sighs.

Sevi sits down.

Vaile asks Hott, "Did ya have a question?"

Grimn mutters at Baily.

Vaile asks, "Or do we need to get the dunk tank again?"

Vaile pokes Hott.

Shaleu grins.

Pirotese wrinkles her nose.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Lovely Kaziah the Noble Elder, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Cleric says to Vaile, "Tiruna isn't here to translate for him..."

[ The sun is beginning to set. ]

Ranier says to Hott, "R U SNAEK"

Slade laughs.

Hott says, "but whapen to us poor cleircs"

Grimn laughs.

Ward mutters at Ranier.

Gia asks Hott, "in what regaurd?"

Gia coughs.

Gia says, "reguard"

Snowball coughs regard.

Gia pokes Snowball.

Skylar says, "thugspeak"

Varnfair says, "Gia is from England"

Varnfair nods.

Snowball sticks his tongue out at Gia.

Hott says, "im a cleric how do i stance"

Haberthan nods to Trinnity.

Vaile asks Hott, "You type: STANCE ?"

Vaile says, "For a list of stances"

Vaile says, "And then type: Stance <name>"

Jubilation chuckles.

Vaile says, "To change changes to that stance."

Renalk just went through an open wooden door.

Vaile says, "change stances."

Hott says, "gor clerics"

Hott says, "gad"

Gia asks Hott, "all set?"

Hott listens intently.

Vaile asks, "Err, was that a question?"

Tchori coughs.

Vaile says, "It does work for hand and sword clerics, if that's what you meant yes."

Hott says, "yes all i saw was hit things"

Gia nods to Hott.

Tchori nods to Ward.

Gia says to Hott, "that is all you will technically see"

Gia says to Hott, "but it will also drain your Ftg. So watch that"

Hott says, "is this what it is alabout"

Vaile says, "It won't directly tell you when your stance made a difference, but it does change how often you hit, and how often you are hit."

Cleric says to Hott, "No, that's the hokey pokey"

Hott says, "done"

Gia smiles at Hott.

Tazzie giggles softly.

Gia says to Hott, "if later you are still confused I can work with you"

Gia says, "next up we have Treyfalgar"

Hott says, "thabks"

Gia smiles at Hott.
stance def
Attack strategy set to: Defensive.
stance fren
>
Gia says to Treyfalgar, "when your ready"
Attack strategy set to: Frenzied.
>
Haberthan listens intently to Treyfalgar.

Treyfalgar says, "this may have been asked already i was a half hour late. can you tell us what the % bonus or penalty is when changing stances"

Vaile says, "I can't give you exact numbers, but I'd say in a general range, the bigger stance effect about 1/5 attacks you make or are made against you, and the smaller ones maybe 1/10 or so."

Vaile says, "That's a real general range, but it should give you the idea they don't make a massive difference, just a small one tactically so there is more there than just the basics."

Vaile says, "If won't make it so you hit or miss someone every time, but it could make the difference between hitting a few times that would have been misses to win a battle, or dodging a few that would have been hits."

Vaile says, "It won't"

Vaile mumbles something beneath his breath.

Treyfalgar says, "i dont think i've really noticed much diffrence. but i have not played around with it a lot yet."

Renalk just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia nods to Treyfalgar.

grin to Grimn
Grimn is looking at you.
You grin to Grimn.
>
Gia says to Treyfalgar, "we are hosting games after this if you want to try it out"

Vaile says, "You'd need to attack about 4,000 times, and count up the odds in each 1,0000. And then get attacked 4,000 times, and do the same."

grin to Berelain
Berelain is looking at you.
You grin to Berelain.
>
Hott nods.

Treyfalgar says, "hmm i dont want to know that bad"

Pirotese grins.

Treyfalgar says, "alright i'm done"

Gia grins at Treyfalgar.

Shaleu grins.

Aceris says, "We could get Dan to do it for us maybe"

Vaile says, "That's about what we go through in our sketches, so it gives you an idea."

Vaile winks.

Hott hugs Shaleu.

Treyfalgar nods at Aceris.

Gia says, "next question comes to us from the Crazy Drag-al community"

Shaleu nuzzles Hott.

Gia says to Gossamer, "your up next"

Gossamer asks, "Have any changes been made to 'defend' or are any changes planned for it?"

Haberthan smiles at Shaleu.

Hott says, "gotta go"

[ Night falls. The sun has set. ]

Mack salutes to Hott.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Grad the Thugian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Berelain the Psycian (seated), Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Julien the Noble Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al (lying down), Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Vigo the San Elf, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Kambralyn the Noble Fir Elf, Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Pirotese the Noble San Elf, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Hott the Noble Leuian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Vaile says, "The big thing is it won't effect shield parry shortly."

Tazzie nuzzles Hott.

Shaleu hugs Hott.

Ranier salutes to Hott.

Centanil says, "true runemage question"

Haberthan nuzzles Shaleu.

Gossamer grins at Centanil.

Haberthan chuckles.

Hott hugs Shaleu.

Mental just appeared.

Shaleu nuzzles Haberthan.

Laine, humming a catchy little tune, just entered through an open wooden door.

Shaleu smiles.

Haberthan nuzzles Laine.

Vaile says, "Beyond that, I have no idea at this point."
l at ber

Berelain looks like a 4'5" standard young average boned, wirey-tough bodied Psycian.
She is seated.
She has very long, unbridled, fine white hair, with light gray eyes, and looks neat.
She appears to be distant right now.
She bears the mark of Sa.
She can be attacked by other players.
She appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
An opal-hilted carbide crescent moon sword         (right hand)
A light studded leather mail                       (armor)
A small round applewood buckler                    (shield)
Some thin gold serpentine bracelets                (over hands)
Some beaded black slippers                         (on feet)
A mink trimmed black velvet cloak                  (over armor)
A midnight blue spidersilk skirt                   (pants)
A pale blue satin blouse                           (shirt)
>
Laine stares.

Gossamer nods.

Gossamer asks, "Follow up guestions to Tennant's brawling question.  Will that be a normal training progression or will it be the 150% like naturals?"

Berelain smiles at you.

Gia says, "everyone quiet for the drag-al"

Gia points at Gossamer.

Vaile says, "I'd like to do normal, but we'll see how it goes."
inv
Items carried:
  A steelwood handled moonsilver skull mace [5.0 lbs].
  A blood-stained wool skirt [0.1 lbs].
  A two-handed steel wrapped mammoth spear [8.4 lbs].
  A large magnificent lapis figurine [0.1 lbs].
  A bone pitch black bearskin berserker's cloak [11.2 lbs].
  A smooth handled wooden torch [0.1 lbs].
  Some giant bone trimmed steel plate armor [122.5 lbs].
  An open elegantly carved mahogany chest [1.7 lb].
  A giant brushed copper ring mail [52.5 lbs].
  A spent fine rolled cigar [0.1 lbs].
  An open large pitch black leather backpack [133.3 lbs].
  A wooden bow [3.5 lbs].
  A two-handed steelwood maul [14.0 lbs].
  A large hammered copper shield [4.2 lbs].
  An open large frayed burlap rucksack [2.5 lbs].
  An open large frayed pitch black burlap rucksack [2.1 lbs].
  An open leather trimmed canvas rucksack [1.6 lb].
  An ebony handled silver war hammer [5.0 lbs].
  A wooden torch [1.0 lb].
  A squirming knotted belt of live rats [0.1 lbs].
  A half-eaten dried alphalia leaf [0.1 lbs].
  An open pitch black leather healer's bag [8.6 lbs].
  A quiver of bark arrows [0.4 lbs].
  A copper token hroomha [0.1 lbs].
  A twinkling pitch black strand of love beads [0.5 lbs].

You have 44 silver pieces and 29 gold pieces.

This gives you a total net worth of 2944 silver.

Your inventory totals 379.3 lbs.
>
Mental dances around the room happily.

Mental just went through an open wooden door.

Gia asks Gossamer, "thats it?"

Gossamer asks Vaile, "Second to last question...  any changes to Breath weapon planned with the changes that are in place?"

Gia says to Gossamer, "after all that wait"

Gia says, "phew"

Gia says to Gossamer, "you did not like the fact we had you breathing cloth earlier"

Gia says, "that was one plan"

Gossamer grins at Gia.

Vaile says, "We'll need to look over the #'s for it again here eventually, we'll probably give it a final evaluation with Psi and MA."

Gossamer nods.

In a rainbow shimmer, Owynn appears.

Tyviel'a just went south.

Gossamer says, "And final question, more a plea really"

Tyviel'a just entered from the south.

Vaile says, "Once we finish up that last combat update, we want to put combat stuff behind is for good and have a system that you all have adjusted to and can know it's not going to be changing around."

Muhr says to Gossamer, "We're giving firemages more storms, yes."

Gia nods to Vaile.

Vaile says, "And we can just code fun stuff that makes the game more fun all around from there."

Shaleu wrinkles her nose.

Gossamer asks, "Can anything be done with the six storms that fire mages get?  If I'm stuck in a place where a storm would benefit I could be dead before the delay's up"

Gossamer grins at Muhr.

Vaile chuckles.

Shaleu nods.

Gossamer says to Muhr, "All storms.  All the time"

Muhr says, "Thank you, thank you.. The Great Carnac is here all week. Tip your waitress."

Vaile says, "We'll take a look at them, I've heard rumors of possible spells bouncing their way to replace a few storms, but we'll see."
info

You are Hroomha Treefoot, a delicate boned and stocky bodied 30 year old Chaotic Male adolescent Oog-ra.  You are 8'0" and weigh 494 lbs.  You are seated.

HP: 253 of 253  Ftg:  90 of  90  Carry: 379.3 of 796.0 lbs.

 Str   Int   Wis   Dex   Agi   Con   Cha   Wil   Voi   Per   App
Great Poor  Low   Good  Good  Great Good  Poor  Low   Good  Aver  

Use: INFO <subject> for more info.
(Valid subjects: RELIGION, MAGICK, LANGUAGES, MARTIALARTS, MONEY, RUNESPELLS, TITLES, DISGUISE, PSIONICS)

>
Gossamer says, "Thanks.  And thanks for the changes"

Gossamer smiles.

Orlando stands up.

Vaile says, "Personally, the coding stuff is taking any time that would be available for stuff like that."

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went north.

Vaile nods.

Gossamer nods.

Shaleu smiles at Gossamer.

Centanil says, "Give'em a really nice lvl 38 long lasting illumination spell."

Baily's head suddenly begins glowing. She touches Trinnity briefly. The glow travels down an arm to her hand. The glow quickly spreads over Trinnity's entire body, then fades away.


Vaile grins to Centanil.

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the north.

Xaphania just appeared.

Gossamer says to Centanil, "Yeah.  Burn Pent aura"

Shaleu mutters whatever for.

Gossamer grins at Centanil.

Gia says to Grad, "your up"

Centanil kicks Gossamer.

Gia says, "everyone quiet for Grad please"

Grad asks, "using the stance command to check your stance, could it not be in que?"

Vaile shakes his head from side to side.

Vaile says, "We made it qued because it's a combat action."

Grad nods up and down.

Vaile says, "Well, I guess checking it technically isn't."

Vaile says, "Hmm"

Renalk ponders where his feet are.

Tennant says, "maybe "info stance""

Ward asks, "can it be added to stat or something?"

Grad says, "maybe part of stat"
info

You are Hroomha Treefoot, a delicate boned and stocky bodied 30 year old Chaotic Male adolescent Oog-ra.  You are 8'0" and weigh 494 lbs.  You are seated.

HP: 253 of 253  Ftg:  90 of  90  Carry: 379.3 of 796.0 lbs.

 Str   Int   Wis   Dex   Agi   Con   Cha   Wil   Voi   Per   App
Great Poor  Low   Good  Good  Great Good  Poor  Low   Good  Aver  

Use: INFO <subject> for more info.
(Valid subjects: RELIGION, MAGICK, LANGUAGES, MARTIALARTS, MONEY, RUNESPELLS, TITLES, DISGUISE, PSIONICS)

>
Vaile nods to Grad.

Grad grins at Vaile.

Maiz says, "Should be no different then using the info or spell command."

Grimn stands up.

Grad says to Vaile, "thats it, thanks"

Vaile says, "Wrote a note, we'll try and check that out tonight and see if we can't get it in and updated tomorrow morning."

Cleric says to Vaile, "I think you should put RT on it"
' no others can see what stance we are in ?

Hroomha asks, " no others can see what stance we are in ?"
pon
>You ponder the meaning of the universe for a moment.
>
Gia says, "next up is Noffbrau"

Gia says to Noffbrau, "when you are ready"

Vaile says, "On a random side note, 3 updates today was a pretty sweet thing to see, I hope you all think so too."

Vaile coughs.

Orlando belches.

Jubilation grins at Varnfair.

Noffbrau says, "well a couple related questions from others"

Gossamer nods up and down.

Jubilation grins at Vaile.

Shaleu smiles.

Gia says, "quiet please"

Sihsaria just entered through an open wooden door.

Ananta offers something to Grad.

Grad accepts Ananta's offer.

Noffbrau asks, "is there a way you can look at someone to see what stance they are in?"

Stanrar ducks.

Grad's stomach growls.

Vaile shakes his head from side to side at Noffbrau.

Grad, scratching his backside, just went north.

Vaile says, "It's like poker, you gotta decide how to play it."

Berelain stands up.

Noffbrau asks, "'ok next did yall do somthign to bw?"

Vigo just appeared.
wh to vai like going up to bruce lee and not knowing what his stance was?
You whisper to Vaile.
>
Noffbrau says, "or still the sam i was late "

Noffbrau fidgets.

Ranier squints.

Vaile says, "Nothing was done to breathe no."

Berelain just went through an open wooden door.

Gia says, "they only thing that happened to breath weapon was the message"

Gia says, "and that has been fixed"

Vaile whispers, "He just looked chill."

Tennant asks, "message?"
gri
You grin.
>
Muhr says, "People were breathing samite earlier today."

Ranier laughs.

Vaile whispers, "It's like the dude, in the big lobowski."

Zakor just entered through an open wooden door.

Haberthan chuckles.

Noffbrau says, "it should be able to be blocked when the perry changes come into affect"
wh to val el dudarino
I don't see what you are referring to.
>
Orlando burps.

Clive says, "wondered what that was..."

Tyviel'a exhales a fiery mess of samite upon your head!

Centanil claps.

Vaile nods to Noffbrau.

Aella laughs.

Smaugus laughs.

Sindelle wrinkles her nose.
wh to vail el dudarino
You whisper to Vaile.
>
Ranier mutters something beneath his breath.

Smaugus grins to Tyviel'a.

Tennant murmurs something beneath her breath.

Noffbrau wrinkles his nose.

Orlando winces.

Gia asks Noffbrau, "any further questions?"

Vaile whispers, "His royal dudester"

Noffbrau says, "yeah"

Gia listens intently.
gri
You grin.
>
Vaile whispers, "Well that's like, just your opinion man."

Noffbrau asks, "the damage still maters for composistion for missiles right not just type of weapon?"

Vaile nods.

Gia nods to Maiz.

Noffbrau says, "and one last question"

Gia nods to Traelyn.

Pirotese just went northeast.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Grimn the Go-blin-al, Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Zakor the Monitanian, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Owynn the Fir Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Lovely Kaziah the Noble Elder, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Noffbrau asks, "ive heard of rumor of max level being changed to 50 , if so is it soon and will ther be more spells to fill those extra levels?"
l at kaz

Kaziah looks like a 7'4" standard young average boned, average bodied Elder.
She has short, unbridled, medium dark brown hair, with green eyes, and looks casual.
She appears to be sad right now.
She can be attacked by other players.
She appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
A fragrant white gardenia                          (on head)
A faintly glowing moonstone pendant                (around neck)
A pair of delicate white shell sandals             (on feet)
A pale pink coral earring                          (right ear)
A pale pink coral earring                          (left ear)
A flirtatious blue and white linen sundress        (dress)

She has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Ranier stands up.

Owynn wrinkles his nose.

Vaile says, "It's something we've discussed, if it'll happen or not, or to all skills or not, remains to be seen."

Mack asks, "Did we have a rule about limiting questions to this update?"

Xaphania just appeared.

Slade is now following Ranier.

Xaphania stands up.

Xaphania is now following Ranier.

Noffbrau says to Mack, "sorry said i was late, but im done"

Vaile says, "We'd like to finish up the combat system, take a long look at a new race and class, and we'll see at that point."

Skylar just went through an open wooden door.

Gia asks Noffbrau, "all set then?"

Skylar just entered through an open wooden door.

Ranier's group just went through an open wooden door.

Noffbrau nods to Gia.

Muhr says, "Sort of pointless for us to discuss things that aren't in yet, they'd likely change and then y'all would sniffle."

Rich just flew in through an open wooden door.

Trinnity sniffs.

Trinnity sniffles.

Gia says, "okay next up is"

Rich dives out of the sky, and just as you think he will crash, he unfolds his wings and lands softly beside you.

Gia exclaims, "Skylar!"

Gia points at Skylar.

Skylar says, "I'm cutting and pasting for Dror, and he wants me to ask if slow vs zerk is  fixed."

Muhr nods to Aella.

Stanrar says to Muhr, "we're DGaters, we'll do more than sniffle, and we'll do it regardless of what we're told"

Smaugus grins to Stanrar.

Gia nods to Ward.

Zakor just appeared.

Vaile asks, "Slow...vrs...zerk?"

Aceris says to Stanrar, "Speak for yourself"

Aceris winks.

Vaile says, "There haven't been any changes made to zerk at all, no."

Vaile says, "Though, sooner(tm) there will be."

Vigo just appeared.

Skylar says, "slowing a xzerker while he is zerked results in 3 x delay"

Skylar says, "if he is a 3 swinger"

Muhr says, "We did that just for Dror."

Mental just entered through an open wooden door.

Ananta nods.

Gia nods to Grimn.

Skylar snickers.
wh to vai does stance affect agility or retreating?..been fallin all mornin...
You whisper to Vaile.
>
Vaile says, "I'd be very surprised to see 3 swings survive to a new zerk system, so the bug may fix itself."

Stanrar grins at Osire.

Skylar nods.

Rich raises an eyebrow at Vaile.

Vaile whispers, "I don't think so? It could be something left over from when the stances were around on GEnie I didn't notice."

Gia asks Skylar, "anything else?"
nod
You nod.
>
Grimn says, "bah"

Skylar says, "nope"

Gia smiles.

Skylar says, "thx"

Gia exclaims, "next up is ... Snowball Jackson!"

Gia says to Snowball, "when your ready"

Snowball says, "Ok, first a comment and a question about the new compositions"

Aceris taps the display case.
l in dis
Inside the display case you see an intricately etched niello aegis, a heavily scarred chitin breastplate, a wickedly serrated bloodsteel bastard sword, an ice cold quicksilver mage's staff, a hooded vermillion runesilk greatcloak, a heavy hideous blood-stained demonskin jerkin, and a dangerously sharp moonstone hookstaff.
>
Ranier's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Ranier disbands his group.

Ranier sits down.

Xaphania sits down.

Vaile nods to Zakor.

Snowball says, "They're mostly all very cool, especially the fantasy ones that make no sense"

Gia nods to Snowball.

Vaile says, "Keep in mind, there are many more than those in the display case."

Gia says to Snowball, "I will take that as a compliment"

Vaile says, "And more to come, sooner."

Snowball says, "But I have to vote against quicksilver, since that's real. And liquid."

You are starting to feel thirsty.

You are starting to feel hungry.

Your stomach growls.

Ward's stomach growls.

Spite just entered through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "Not in our world. :)"

Tyviel'a asks, "Is that a question?"

Agilulf grins.

Snowball says, "Fair enough"

Snowball says, "That was a comment"

Snowball says, "Here's a question"

Snowball asks, "What's niello?"

Orlando belches.

Gia pulls Snowball closer to her.

Muhr says, "It's not mercury in Aradath."

Ranier coughs.

Ethalis asks, "http://webster.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=niello&x=16&y=14"

Mack says, "Like Jello, only nie'ish"

Gia chuckles at Ethalis.

Muhr says, "Niello is an alloy that is used to make etchings in metal show up more prominantly. But it's not that in Aradath either."

Snowball says, "Great, Ok, now onto stances"

Muhr says, "Only thing they share in common is they're both dark black."

Gia nods to Rone.

Snowball says, "You were saying the mild stance makes a......it does uh.......well, let me put it this way....."

Maiz asks Muhr, "Are you going to tell us what it is in aradath or just what it is not?"

Muhr says to Maiz, "There is a post in the works. Patience, grasshopper."

Gia chuckles.

Tazzie giggles softly.

In a rainbow shimmer, Ayric appears.

Ayric stands up.

Orlando burps.

Ayric leans on Vaile.

Maiz catches a fly in the air with his claw and says, "You are the grasshoper, I am the master now."

Anyah chuckles.

Yinnin scratches.

Vaile winks at Maiz.

Vaile beams to Ayric.

Gia listens intently to Snowball.

Snowball asks, "I can't hit my buddy Trey over here at all right now, and he can hot me all the time. If I were to go into a frenzied stance, could that actually allow me to win if he was in the wrong stance, or would I just hit him once or twice before he pummeled me?"

Treyfalgar pulls Snowball closer to him.

Treyfalgar grins.

Gia says to Snowball, "not hot, hit"

Snowball nuzzles Treyfalgar.

Muhr catches Maiz with his thumb and forefinger and squishes his head.

Gia winks.

Vaile says, "It could effectively mean the difference between you winning and not yes."

Treyfalgar exclaims, "i'll always pummel you!"

Treyfalgar smirks.

Osire grins.

Orlando hiccups.

Snowball says, "Ok, thanks. That's it."

Spite's head suddenly begins glowing. He touches Treyfalgar briefly. The glow travels down an arm to his hand. The glow quickly spreads over Treyfalgar's entire body, then fades away.


Vaile says to Gia, "Gotta get back to work."

Anyah says, "Well if you want him to hot you, by all means"

Vaile gestures.

The air ripples as a glowing eye suddenly appears above Ward!

The air ripples once again and the glowing eye vanishes!

Mack says, "It would make it more of an interesting fight"

Sindelle snickers.

Jubilation chuckles.

Gia glances.

Gia asks, "me?"

Ward fidgets.

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.

Vaile says, "I do."
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Vigo the San Elf, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Rich the Noble Drake, Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Ayric the Noble Elder Petty Tyrant, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Spite the San Elf, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated and holding a glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Owynn the Fir Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Lovely Kaziah the Noble Elder, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Kithrael grunts.

Spite nods.
l

Gia asks Vaile, "your leaving?"
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Vigo the San Elf, Stanrar the Noble Human, Montis the Monitanian, Tazzie the Novice Leuian (seated), Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Roxi the San Elf, Rich the Noble Drake, Aceris the Leuian, Haberthan the Hithual, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Ayric the Noble Elder Petty Tyrant, Yu'lin the Fir Elf (seated), Slade the Psycian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Spite the San Elf, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated and holding a glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Owynn the Fir Elf, Tiny Vaile the Noble Newt Shrubber, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human, Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Lovely Kaziah the Noble Elder, and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
KING DR is dead, long live the Stance!

Vaile nods.

Vaile says, "More coding to do."

Yinnin sighs!

Gia says, "k"

Gia says to Vaile, "understood"

Gossamer exclaims to Vaile, "Code!  Code like the wind!"

Slade just went through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "Can always hold another one of these tomorrow night as well."

Ayric nods.

Gia says, "next up is Kithrael"

Ranier's glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard flickers for a moment.

Kithrael murmurs something beneath his breath.

Ward asks Ayric, "are you the one who held that spell contest long long ago and then skipped town?"

Ward stares at Ayric.

A small imp pops its head out from the door and asks, "Did he say more coding?"

Vaile taps the polished oak sawed off shotgun.

Ayric whistles innocently.

Vaile nods to Cleric.

Ranier extinguishes his glowing gold-flecked crystalla shard.

Ayric listens intently.

Ayric says, "I think I hear my mom calling."

Vaile salutes.

In a rainbow shimmer, Vaile disappears.

Ayric waves.
l at ayr

Ayric looks like a 7'6" standard young massive boned, muscular bodied Elder.
He is bald with a goatee, ocean blue eyes, and looks casual.
He appears to be confused right now.
He bears the mark of Taath.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to his clothing.

Physical appearance:

This elder regards each situation with an eye towards what can be done to skew the outcome towards the improbable.  That glint in his eye lets you know that perhaps it's best not to be in the room when he makes up his mind on this situation.

                        Visible Equipment
A glowing flaming short long dagger                (right hand)
Some feathered boots                               (on feet)
A pink spotted silk cape                           (over armor)
A red and black cotton spell team t-shirt          (shirt)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm
  Favored of the Gods

>
Ward says, "vail, can you add wiggle"

Gia says to Kithrael, "when your ready"

Ward snaps his fingers.

Caelan bows to Ayric.

Noffbrau bows to Ayric.

Vigo bows to Ayric.

Montis bows to Ayric.

Tazzie bows to Ayric.

Cleric bows to Ayric.

Roxi bows to Ayric.

Rich bows to Ayric.

Aceris bows to Ayric.

Haberthan bows to Ayric.

Gideon bows to Ayric.
You bow to Ayric.
>
Orlando bows to Ayric.

Xaphania bows to Ayric.

Jubilation bows to Ayric.

Merant bows to Ayric.

Traelyn bows to Ayric.

Yu'lin bows to Ayric.

Varnfair bows to Ayric.

Maiz bows to Ayric.

Spite bows to Ayric.

Gossamer bows to Ayric.

Ranier bows to Ayric.

Mental bows to Ayric.

Osire bows to Ayric.

Ward bows to Ayric.

Nezril bows to Ayric.

Owynn bows to Ayric.

Anyah bows to Ayric.

Smaugus bows to Ayric.

Rone bows to Ayric.

Mack bows to Ayric.

Shaleu bows to Ayric.

Snowball bows to Ayric.

Sindelle bows to Ayric.

Tchori bows to Ayric.

Kithrael bows to Ayric.

Clive bows to Ayric.

Renalk bows to Ayric.

Mildew bows to Ayric.

Gwena bows to Ayric.

Treyfalgar bows to Ayric.

Gramliz bows to Ayric.

Sevi bows to Ayric.

Centanil bows to Ayric.

Yinnin bows to Ayric.

Ayric howls.

Yinnin blinks.

Smaugus laughs.

Ward snickers.

Aceris slaps Ayric.

Gossamer snickers.

Aella murmurs something beneath her breath.

In a rainbow shimmer, Ayric disappears.

Ranier says, "what"

Gwena grunts.

Cleric frowns.

Renalk says, "We'll get im for that."

Ranier says, "I wasnt paying attention, , what's going on"

Aceris says to Gia, "And you complain about us causing scroll.."

Gossamer gestures rudely towards Ayric's rainbow shimmer.

Tennant says to Ranier, "we lost"

Gossamer whistles innocently.

Kithrael says to Gia, "I'm worried about what all these changes are going to do to my capability to hunt solo.  I'm not fond of grouping in general, and all these changes seem to be making it so that a Forester who uses missiles predominantly isn't going to really be..."

Ranier says, "oph ok"

Ranier scowls.

Kithrael says, "...able to hunt alone, what with us having next to no defensive capacity."

Ranier says to Kithrael, "now that you have more penetration you should do better"

Mildew coughs.

Gia nods to Ranier.

Gia says to Kithrael, "Ranier is correct there"

Jubilation leans her head on Kithrael's shoulder.

Tazzie stands up.

Ranier says to Kithrael, "with you elves, it is all about the penetration"

Tazzie just went through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "You have armor penetration, you have the creatures automatically missing more often and you have more automatick hits.."

Kithrael grins at Ranier.

Gia nods to Muhr.

Muhr says, "You'll be able to solo a bit better than before. Though you'll have to pay more attention."

Orlando hiccups.

Weaver just entered through an open wooden door.

Haberthan mumbles something beneath his breath.

Weaver flails his arms about wildly.

Aceris furrows his brow.

Roxi just appeared.

Weaver sits down.

Kithrael says, "Well, we don't have great DR from bows, and as it stands, the only way we can hunt already is just by tacting over and over and over again.  This is becoming more and more a necessity."

Gia asks Kithrael, "answer your question?"

Quazzy just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia nods to Smaugus.

Xaphania just appeared.

Kithrael says, "Even in groups, it's hard to actually put up a fight because monsters keep coming after us in the back, even when defended.  And I know Kambralyn was hunting earlier today and got smacked around by 15 criticals in a row."

Muhr nods.

Mazzar just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says, "hunting earlier today was bad"

Gia says, "It should be much much better"

Muhr says, "Monsters weren't working right earlier. It's been fixed."

Rone says to Kithrael, "An ork beat me up."

Xaphania says, "Me too."

Kithrael says to Rone, "Well, that's 'cause you're a San."

Tennant snickers at Rone.

Kithrael grunts at Rone.

Mildew points at Rone.

Muhr says, "And more fixes to go in tomorrow."

Mildew laughs.

Osire laughs.

Gia nods to Muhr.
stance fren
Attack strategy set to: Frenzied.
>
Merant exclaims, "Fire the monsters without pay!"
stance aggr
Attack strategy set to: Aggressive.
stance normal
>
Kithrael asks, "Will there be any changes to the "You're too distracted to move" thing?"
Attack strategy set to: Normal.
stance caref
>
Ranier says, "man, you should make turning have armor penetration"
Attack strategy set to: Careful.
stance def
>
Tazzie just entered through an open wooden door.
Attack strategy set to: Defensive.
stance fren
>Attack strategy set to: Frenzied.
>
Jubilation groans.

Gia says to Kithrael, "not sure if in this update, but colin told me yes"

Muhr says, "Not in the next update, no. It's on the list. "

Kithrael says, "For a class that makes dancing a primary skill, that one line is death."

Kithrael nods.

Gia says to Kithrael, "cause it IRKES me too"

Clive smiles.

Noffbrau's stomach growls.

Rich's stomach growls.

Aceris's stomach growls.

Tennant's stomach growls.

Clive's stomach growls.

Gia says to Kithrael, "agreed its not a fun thing and should be gone at some point"
You see Haberthan take a drink from his large waterskin.

Owynn says to Gia in Firian, "afohep mbp kiin"

Tazzie just went through an open wooden door.

Haberthan just went through an open wooden door.

Tyviel'a says, "Also, mid level healing via first aid is better."

Mildew just went southeast.

Tyviel'a says, "That will help you some."

Spite just went through an open wooden door.

Varnfair says, "lets have a big throw down now"

Muhr says, "First aid is quicker and heals more at the 1-30 level range."

Muhr says, "Er, 1-20 range."

Tchori mutters something beneath his breath.

Haberthan just entered through an open wooden door.

Mazzar nods.

Gwena just went southeast.

Kithrael asks, "Changes are in the works for making differences between the types of bows; will there be any changes to the specific bows that a person uses?  A reason to use that 70 gold ornate bow in Treehaven instead of a 2 silver one from the TG?"

Haberthan just went southeast.

Mental rubs the crude bow.

Traelyn fidgets.

Cleric says, "Equipment doesn't cost money in the TG"

Gia says to Kithrael, "I can not answer that right now"

Umiak's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Aceris says, "I doubt that's the point..."

Gia says to Kithrael, "basically because its not done"

Muhr says, "Down the line, yes."

Gia nods.

Kithrael says to Cleric, "There was a store selling equipment in the TG that wasn't free; a more high end level of equipment than the free stuff you can get."

Grimn just appeared.

Mack says, "It's getting late, let's limit our questions to THIS update"

Umiak's head suddenly begins glowing. He touches Treyfalgar briefly. The glow travels down an arm to his hand. The glow quickly spreads over Treyfalgar's entire body, then fades away.


Mack says, "out of consideration for everyone waiting to ask questions"

Muhr says, "But that might not be for several updates."

Kithrael nods.

Traelyn nods to Caelan.

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went northeast.

Gia asks Kithrael, "all set?"

Muhr says, "And out of consideration for the people antsy to play games and beat the tires of the new system."

Kithrael asks, "For stances, then, is there any reason a bowman should use the defensive stances at all?"

Umiak's head suddenly begins glowing. He touches Sindelle briefly. The glow travels down an arm to his hand. The glow quickly spreads over Sindelle's entire body, then fades away.


Merant fidgets.

Umiak glances at Trinnity.

Tazzie's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Kithrael says, "If we're in range to be hit, we may as well be dead already."

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the east.

Trinnity fidgets.

Traelyn leans on Caelan.

Traelyn yawns.

Tazzie disbands her group.

Tazzie curtsies to Salem.

Gia says to Kithrael, "that is something your going to have to check"

Mack says to Kithrael, "Bows do have DR"

Tazzie just went through an open wooden door.

Mack says, "kir, perhaps you're overhunting"

Shaleu nuzzles Salem.

Gia says to Kithrael, "I would guess no, but I have not tested that"

Rich just went through an open wooden door.

Salem nuzzles Shaleu.

Muhr says, "Unless there is no arrow in your bow, you've got your DR still."

Rich just entered through an open wooden door.

Kithrael says to Mack, "A Forester gets +4 DR with his missile progression and +6 OR; I don't think I should be regulated to the same things a mage can stand up against."

Umiak mutters something beneath his breath.

Centanil just appeared.

Kithrael nods.

Tchori coughs or psions.

Mack says to Kithrael, "Thank you for the lesson"

Mildew just entered from the southeast.

Mildew sits down.

Mack says, "questions please"

Gia says, "okay I need quiet"

Mildew just placed a wolf headed iron scepter within his open large leather backpack.

Mael raises his hand.

Owynn says to Muhr, "not exactly"

Kithrael says, "That was all, I suppose.  Thanks."

Xaphania just appeared.

Yinnin just went southeast.

Gia says, "I am really trying to hear Kiths questions but missing it in the scroll"

Umiak grins.

Gia asks Kithrael, "have your questions been answered?"

Rich just went through an open wooden door.

Kithrael nods to Gia.

Gia says, "then on to Aceris"

Gia smiles at Kithrael.

Montis just appeared.

Gia says to Aceris, "when your ready"

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Quazzy the Leuian, Roxi the San Elf, Stanrar the Noble Human, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Cleric the Noble Leuian (seated), Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Umiak the San Elf (holding a glowing lantern), Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Salem the Novice Leuian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Owynn the Fir Elf, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Gramliz the Hithual, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Lovely Kaziah the Noble Elder.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Aceris says, "Okay, first thing..."

Aceris says, "I was hunting after the last update and you said that low level hunting had improved since before all these changes went in..."

Umiak's glowing lantern flickers for a moment.

Umiak extinguishes his glowing lantern.

Aceris asks, "So why is it that I can't hunt in places now that I could 10 levels ago?"

Gia says, "you can"

Aceris asks, "Without being sent running by 2 monsters in one room?"

Kithrael nods to Aceris.

Trinnity mumbles they said monster were borke, they were going to be fixed.

Aceris says, "I understand that there are some bugs"

Gia nods.

Aceris says, "But it's the fact that I'm getting hit regardless of whether my armor is taking a chunk out of the hit or not"

Gia says to Aceris, "I would have to go where your hunting and check everything out"

Gia says, "like, the level of monster"

Gia says, "your stance"

Owynn is now following Gramliz.

Gia says, "your skill level"

Gramliz's group just went through an open wooden door.

Aceris says to Gia, "I tried every stance, varying as I went, lvl 25 hand in the shadow caves"

Gia says, "basically you should be able to hunt"

Aceris says, "And was crushed by 2 large shadows"

Mack says, "I'd suggest sending specific hunting ground questions to Liam@dragons-gate.com"
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Quazzy the Leuian, Roxi the San Elf, Stanrar the Noble Human, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Salem the Novice Leuian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Ranier the Noble Usil Elf (seated), Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, and Sevi the Noble Secian (seated).
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Mack says, "Tell us the hunting ground and the problem, we can review it"

Aceris nods.

Gia asks Aceris, "and this was after the last reset?"

Ranier stands up.

Aceris says, "yes"

Ranier, his robe flowing behind him, just went through an open wooden door.

Tyviel'a asks Aceris, "didn't you talk to Vaile about this?"

Aceris says to Tyviel'a, "Briefly"

Muhr says, "Creature still have problems with their auto-misses and their criticals, should be fixed tomorrow. Like we said when you asked earlier."

Aceris nods.

Quazzy just went through an open wooden door.

Gia asks Aceris, "does that help?"

Mazzar just went southeast.

Aceris asks, "So are they auto-missing to little then?"

Gwena just entered from the southeast.

Tchori just went through an open wooden door.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Stanrar the Noble Human, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Salem the Novice Leuian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, and Sevi the Noble Secian (seated).
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Noffbrau says, "sounds like they have fixed dice"

Nokin just entered through an open wooden door.

Mildew's stomach growls.

Gia says to Aceris, "I believe so"

Aceris nods.

Muhr says, "Don't know, just what the coders are telling me is to be fixed. I haven't had time to hunt."

Gia says to Aceris, "I would have to talk with colin to be 100% sure"

Traelyn grins to Caelan.

Aceris says, "Okay, just wanted to get that lingering question out of the way"

Gia nods.

Aceris says, "Also"

Mental's head suddenly begins glowing. He touches Trinnity briefly. The glow travels down an arm to his hand. The glow quickly spreads over Trinnity's entire body, then fades away.


Mack says, "I think everyone is going to have to be more attentive hunting now. The days of running a script and not getting hit are over."

Weaver just appeared.

Mazzar just entered from the southeast.

Gia listens intently to Aceris.

Traelyn nods to Caelan.

Muhr nods to Traelyn.

Aella asks, "does that mean no more script checks?"

Aella fidgets.

Aceris says, "I wanted to just comment on the fact that while some people are complaining that the population is dwindling, we have about 50 people in here when I last counted which is more than we have in prime time some nights.  We just need you all to show up more"

Aceris winks.

Jubilation laughs.

Traelyn beams to Muhr.

Grimn laughs at Aella.

Aceris says, "More for the players than the elders"

Muhr says to Aella, "Nope"

Aella winks at Muhr.

You watch Traelyn poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Muhr says, "Maybe someone like you can start up an IC games league."

Traelyn coughs.

Aceris says to Gia, "Done"

Gia says to Aceris, "I believe folks are excited to try the new system"

Gia says to Aceris, "but thank you for the suggestion"

Gia smiles.

Aceris says to Muhr, "I heard that failed utterly the last time someone tried not too long ago"

Noffbrau says, "yeah im out 1500 gold cause of it"

Muhr says, "Nothing says someone more dedicated couldn't try it."

Muhr shrugs.

Tennant says to Aceris, "not failed, just kind of set aside for 4-6 months"

Jubilation grunts.

Gia says, "next up Traelyn"

Gia says to Traelyn, "when your ready"

Traelyn coughs.

Traelyn asks, "'as someone in just starting SP in the TG, will I be able to use SP at all if they hit fewer times?.. it's awful slow as it is.  Do all mages now get hit 25% less?  Will mage DR work like Bard DR for casting too?"

Traelyn says, "some of this was just answered by Muhr.. the SP question"

Traelyn asks, "but what about the 25%?"

Gia says to Traelyn, "right now, shields have not changed"

Traelyn asks, "is that implemented for mages?"

Treyfalgar just appeared.

Traelyn asks, "okay, so shields and the casting dr will be the next update?"

Tchori just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says to Traelyn, "cant promise that"

Muhr says, "A future update, possibly not the next one."

Gia nods tno noff.

Muhr says, "And the auto-miss stuff is in now for everyone, mages included."

Traelyn says, "oh.. now I'm really confused.. so I just got waxed by a hound in the tg.. hitting me for 18 through armor and shiedl spell"

Traelyn says, "I understand that the monsters needing fixed"

Sighard just entered through an open wooden door.

Gia says to Traelyn, "and will be fixed tomorrow"

Traelyn asks, "so, what has actually changed for me?  Faster spells and better shield spell?"

Gia asks, "you are a ?"

Muhr says, "Auto-miss code. Things will miss you more often."

Traelyn says, "oh, I'm an Air Mage"

Gia asks, "class?"

Yinnin just entered from the southeast.

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Caelan the Novice San Elf, Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Nokin the Draco, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Gideon the Noble Anthian (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Merant the Noble Hithual (seated), Traelyn the Novice San Elf, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Salem the Novice Leuian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Mental the Psycian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Mack the Secian Designer, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Shaleu the Noble Leuian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Sighard the Psycian, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Tchori the Leuian, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Traelyn asks Muhr, "that's the 25% less?"

Jurrel just entered through an open wooden door.

Traelyn says, "gia class is air mage"

Gia nods to Gideon.

Tyviel'a says, "Your damage spells are better, your armor is better, things that would hit you before will miss less, you could hit a tier now before when you could not."

Muhr says to Nokin, "25% was just thrown out as an example. We can't tell you the exact percentage of the misses."

Gia says, "so you get faster spells, damage is better, armor ..."

Gia nods.

Ward says to Traelyn, "reroll as a non while you can"

Traelyn asks, "miss less?"

Tyviel'a says, "Granted, don't go try to kill a tier..."

Gia points at Muhr.

Traelyn raises an eyebrow at Tyviel'a.

Muhr pinches Nokin.

Traelyn says, "they hit me pretty good now"

Traelyn laughs.

Mazzar smiles.

Tchori just went through an open wooden door.

Nokin winces.

Mental just went through an open wooden door.

Sighard nods at Treyfalgar.

Traelyn nods to Tyviel'a.

Sindelle bats her eyes at Ward.

Tyviel'a says, "miss more, sorry :)"

Traelyn says, "gotcha"

Gia asks Traelyn, "your all set with your questions?"

Traelyn asks, "okay..and which classes are Melee?"

Haberthan just entered from the southeast.

Jubilation chuckles.

Traelyn says, "that's for other newbies"

Gia says to Treyfalgar, "basically weapon users"

Gia coughs.

Gia points at Traelyn.

Traelyn giggles.

Treyfalgar smirks.

Muhr says, "Fighter, hand cleric, sword cleric, barbarian, thief and forester."

In a rainbow shimmer, Ethalis disappears.

Gia pulls Treyfalgar closer to her.

In a rainbow shimmer, Caelan disappears.

Traelyn says, "okay, just not mages and hearts"

In a rainbow shimmer, Ethalis appears.

Traelyn says, "or bards"

Tyviel'a says, "psions."

Gia nods.

Traelyn says, "okay"

Traelyn says, "thank you"

Anyah says to Traelyn, "mages hearts bards and psions"

Traelyn says, "done"

Jurrel says, "and dragon"

Anyah says, "oh my"

Umiak snickers.

Haberthan laughs.

Gia says, "next up Mael"

Gia says to Mael, "when your ready"

Mael asks, "This may have already been asked, but what determines your fumble delay?"

Haberthan just went through an open wooden door.

Salem just went through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "It's random, but is based on your levels."

Muhr says, "The fumble isn't the same added delay every time."

Mael nods.

In a rainbow shimmer, Ethalis disappears.

Muhr says, "And not all fumbles will have added delays."

Tbor just entered through an open wooden door.

In a rainbow shimmer, Traelyn disappears.

Tbor howls.

Shaleu just went through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "But that's likely to change tomorrow as well."

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went east.

In a rainbow shimmer, Ethalis appears.

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the east.

Mael asks, "So if I'm beserkered and fumble 2 times I could get a 24 sec delay?"

Centanil just appeared.

Trinnity winces.

Muhr says, "Possible, yes."

Mael whines.

Rone says to Mael, "I fumbled for 32 seconds earlier, be happy with 24"

Osire's stomach growls.

Mael nods to Rone.

Tyviel'a says, "That will change as of tomorrow, as has been stated."

Mael asks, "Really?"

Mael grins.

Muhr says, "I had a 64 second delay on the test server. Be happy we found that bug. :)"

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Treyfalgar the Noble San Elf, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Xaphania the San Elf (seated), Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Anyah the Human (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Tennant the San Elf (seated), Aella the Leuian (seated), Sighard the Psycian, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "Fumbles are getting reworked some as we speak."

Mael nods.

Kithrael says, "DG code really likes multiples of eight."

Kithrael wrinkles his nose.

Muhr says, "16, but that's neither here nor there. :)"

Yinnin says, "12."

Kalann just entered through an open wooden door.

Ward asks, "games?"

Trinnity nods up and down to Ward.

Muhr says, "Not yet."

Ward pouts.

Orlando nods up and down to Ward.

Muhr asks Mael, "That it?"

Mael nods.

Mael says, "Thanks"

In a rainbow shimmer, Agilulf disappears.

Ward snickers at Osire.

Mael has left Umiak's group.

Mael just went through an open wooden door.

Umiak nods.

Grimn nods to Weaver.

Muhr says, "Gide, You're up next."

Muhr says, "Or not."

In a rainbow shimmer, Agilulf appears.

Muhr says, "Ok, Gia's had to run AFK.. anyone who had a question still to be answered please whisper to me and we'll try to get them taken care of."

Muhr nods to Ward.

Muhr says to Ward, "Go ahead."

Ward asks Muhr, "is that 3/3 for brawling set in stone?"

Mael just entered through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "Nope, nothing that's not in the update is set in stone."

Ward nods.

Ward asks, "games?"

Aella grins at Ward.

Muhr says, "Maybe still wet concrete though."

Tyviel'a says, "After this."

Muhr says, "Later."

Ethalis says to Ward, "When you guys are done"

Muhr says to Grimn, "You're up."

Grimn says, "okay two things"

Treyfalgar is now following Anyah.

Tennant just appeared.

Anyah stands up.

Grimn says, "with the new system, backstab has good potential to hurt"

Anyah's group just went southeast.

Grimn says, "if it hits a critical"

Grimn says, "so in that sense it's better than it was yesterday"

Grimn says, "but with the auto-miss chance, I've been noticing it misses more now than it did even before"

Grimn asks, "so....backstab is going to be tweaked in the future right?"

Muhr says, "Backstab's still got work to be done, but no we don't know what we're going to do with it."

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Tennant the San Elf (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Gossamer the Drag-al, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Sighard the Psycian, Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Grimn nods.

Grimn says, "okay the other thing"

Arclight just entered through an open wooden door.

Grimn says, "the Parry Weapon skill"

Grimn says, "probably wont ever go it, it would be too much"

Grimn says, "but regardless, it's sort of a cool thing to look at for RP"

Muhr says, "Not planned to ever be implemented at this time, who knows what the future brings however."

Gia says, "we are goign to try to stick with current update questions"

Flippo just entered.

Grimn whines at Gia.

Gia says, "to finish this up"

Flippo exclaims, "yo!"

Flippo mutters crap, late again.

Gia asks Grimn, "anything else?"

Grimn says, "I just wanted to know if we could get some "miss" messages set so it looked like you parried with your weapon"

Grimn says to Gia, "Nah I figured i'd shoot at it since it was the end"

Grimn chortles.

Gia chuckles.

Osire laughs.

Sighard just went through an open wooden door.

Gia says, "okay, Next up is Rone"

Gia says to Rone, "your turn"

Rone says, "Just a quick question in regards to FA."

Muhr says to Grimn, "There's not much we can say about future updates.. a lot of it isn't on the drawing board yet. Just things we'd like to look at. We're sort of surprised at the amount of coding we're getting now too. :)"

Gia nods.

Varnfair is now following Tennant.

Tennant stands up.

Tennant's group just went through an open wooden door.

Rone says, "I've noticed very little in the way of increased HP's returned as you gain levels"

Grimn says to Muhr, "ah okay, I didn't know if that was a coding issure or not.."

Sast's group just entered through an open wooden door.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Arclight the Leuian, Grimn the Go-blin-al, Maiz the Drake, Sast the Secian, Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Darrow the Secian (holding a glowing large moonsilver lightbox), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Renalk the Noble San Elf, Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Rone says, "I've only done limited testing but I've found my FA averages roughly 17 points. My fighters is about 14 and there's a 20 level difference."

Rone asks, "Is this intentional?"

Muhr nods to Rone.

Gia says, "all delays have dropped with healing"

Gia says, "healing values have been edited to fit this system."

Tennant's group just entered through an open wooden door.

Grimn waves.

Muhr says, "It does heal more at lower levels now than it used to."

Tennant disbands her group.

Renalk just went through an open wooden door.

Gia nods to Muhr.

Tennant just went through an open wooden door.

Muhr says, "And the delays were reduced. Starts at 7 instead of 9."

Rone nods.

Sast sits down.

Darrow sits down next to Jubilation.

Tennant just entered through an open wooden door.

Rone asks, "So basically the amount healed does not increase dramaticly, only the delay drops?"

Gia nods to Rone.

Rone nods.

Rone says, "Alrighty, that's all."

Flippo says to Rone, "ma heal self is overpowered anyways"

Jubilation cuddles with Darrow.

Flippo ducks.

Gia beams.

Gia says, "I have news"

Muhr shakes his head from side to side to Trinnity.

Gia says, "The heart Ablative was fixed"

Trinnity groans.

Tennant chuckles.

Trinnity nods to Muhr.

Gia beams at Tennant.

Umiak's stomach growls.

Jubilation raises an eyebrow at Gia.

Tennant says, "well, it was just one test but its looking good"

Umiak ponders the meaning of the universe for a moment.

Gia claps.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Tennant the San Elf, Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Arclight the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Sast the Secian (seated), Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Darrow the Secian (seated and holding a glowing large moonsilver lightbox), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Muhr says, "If it worked with one cast, it works."

Gia says, "I had 2 more people ask for the chance to speak"

Gia says, "then I am going to close the Q & A"

Gia says, "and do a game"

Darrow smiles at Trinnity.

Gia asks, "jul, did you still have a question?"

Muhr says to Trinnity, "It's not broke."

Gia says, "guess not"

Gia says to Noffbrau, "your the last one"

Trinnity nods to Muhr.

Gia says to Noffbrau, "your up"

Muhr says, "Mazzar has questions as well."

Noffbrau says, "ok 2 questions simple one first"

Mazzar nods to Gia.

Gia says, "he can take Juliens place"

Gia grins.

Noffbrau asks, "will there be and can there be betterh throws put back in game sence the armor as been beefed up so much?"

Ward snickers quietly.

Darrow just removed a fresh baked apple pie from within his open red leather healer's bag.
You see Darrow take a bite of his fresh baked apple pie.
You see Darrow take a bite of his fresh baked apple pie.

Noffbrau says, "er better"

Maiz says to Noffbrau, "This update"

Maiz furrows his brow.

Noffbrau says, "returnabel that is"
You see Darrow take a bite of his fresh baked apple pie.

Noffbrau says, "oh"

Gia says, "there has not been talk of it"

Muhr says, "For everyone but you, yes."

Muhr nods.
You see Darrow take a bite of his fresh baked apple pie.

Darrow just placed a fresh baked apple pie within his open red leather healer's bag.

Muhr says, "Our item elder would have to answer that one, up to them at this point I think."

Noffbrau says, "and im a bit confuse about what i head , i heard that there will be no more hunting with out getting hit, and ive heard tommarrow we will be hit less"

Gia nods.

A townsman grumbles as he gives a couple gold to another standing by him.

Gia says, "you are correct on both"

Muhr says, "That'd be correct, the two aren't mutually exclusive."

Agilulf asks, "Are you asking if we'll be putting better than iron returnables in?"

Noffbrau says, "and could that posably result in a lowering of the cost in armor repair, its just out rageous"

Gia says to Noffbrau, "repairs are based on cost of the armor"

Noffbrau says, "yes and and take away the chain and the rome"

Noffbrau says, "er rope"

Trinnity, Back from the dead, just appeared.

Gia asks Noffbrau, "did we answer all your questions?"

Noffbrau says, "it cost almost 200 gold to fix my emiel armor and its gonna get a lot worse once yall fix perry"

Muhr says, "Wouldn't come back if it didn't have the chain or the rope."

Noffbrau says, "a lot more often"

Muhr says, "Or not, you'll block more creatures in the room."

Ward says to Muhr, "magick"

l
 *** Warning, you have been inactive for 5 minutes.
 *** You will be disconnected in 10 minute(s) if you do not respond.
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Umiak the San Elf, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Tennant the San Elf, Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Arclight the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Sast the Secian (seated), Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Montis the Monitanian, Mael the Thugian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Darrow the Secian (seated and holding a glowing large moonsilver lightbox), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Mildew the Human (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Ananta the Noble Elder (seated), Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Varnfair says, "wear 50 gold armor that almost protects as well and cost 5 gold to fix"

Ethalis yawns.

Gia asks Noffbrau, "I am not sure if that was a question or a comment?"

Noffbrau says, "no you blocl less if you do the math, just more then one person or monster"

Muhr says to Ward, "Mages hate making magickal weapons for fighters and sword clerics to hit them with."

Ward scratches his head.

Darrow's glowing large moonsilver lightbox flickers for a moment.

Ward says to Muhr, "its all about the profit"

Ward nods up and down.

Darrow extinguishes his glowing large moonsilver lightbox.

Gia asks Noffbrau, "are you all set then?"

Arclight raises an eyebrow.

Muhr says, "If you are in a room with four creatures.. and now have a chance to block all of those creatures rather than just one.. math might suggest you block more. "

Tennant murmurs damn, my tiny violin is in the shop...

Arclight raises his hand.

Noffbrau says, "just armor repair is just way to much,"

Muhr says, "Until the system is even on the drawing board, no way we can say if it will block less."

Gia says to Mazzar, "your up"

Maiz asks, "Thought questions were suppose to stick to the update at hand? "

Mazzar asks Gia, "what is this new combat system mean?"

Gia says to Mazzar, "when your ready"

Gia says, "not sure what you mean"

Mael is now following Umiak.

Muhr says to Ward, "Mages are all about self preservation and destruction of their enemies."

Umiak's group just went through an open wooden door.

Nezril just appeared.

Tbor chuckles.

Gia says to Mazzar, "you will have to clarify"

Mazzar says to Gia, "I see it on the updates on the version notes"

Ward says to Muhr, "hokay"

Gia nods to Mazzar.

Mazzar asks, "I think it means this...what are the stances(that I am hearing about) and what changes have been made to shields(if any)?"

Tennant says to Mazzar, "you might want to get a log of this meeting if you missed most of it"

Muhr asks, "Besides, who needs to sell things when you can find a spell to make money out of thin air?"

Gia asks Mazzar, "were you hear for the whole Q & A?"

Mazzar shakes her head from side to side.

Gia nods.

Gia says, "that has all been covered"

Muhr says, "Nothing done to shields. Melee classes have stances now."

Mazzar nods.

Ethalis asks, "MAzzar,http://p077.ezboard.com/fdragonsgatefrm1.showMessage?topicID=564.topic"

Mazzar says, "easy enough, and the stances are shown when typing stances"

Muhr says, "Basically, everything from the lowly practice target to the mighty elders have a chance to be hit by any attack."

In a rainbow shimmer, Ananta disappears.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Arclight the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Sast the Secian (seated), Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Montis the Monitanian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Darrow the Secian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
>
Tennant just appeared.

Muhr says, "And even poor, defenseless thugian mages can be missed by mean, nasty level 41 fighters."

Arclight says, "pray you never hit an elder.  the view from 500ft above TSC isnt all that nice for the 1.008 seconds your there."
gri
You grin.
>
A little voice in your head says, "Jax will be hosting gladiator games for anyone who wishes to play. Hurry to the Butterfly Inn to test your skills. Games start in 5 minutes." 

Ward beams.

Maiz howls.
l
[OOC Inn.]

You have just entered an alternate reality where Dragon's Gate is just a game. "Characters", are left outside, so that the "Players" can discuss anything they wish, Out Of Character.WHISPER QUESTIONS TO GIA TO GET ON THE LIST. USE INFORMATIONAL COMMANDS LIKE LOOK AND INFO TO KEEP FROM BEING DISCONNECTEDREFRAIN FROM ACTIONS AND DISPLAYS OF AFFECTION PLEASE. WHISPER TO YOUR FRIENDS.  An open wooden door, some open giant white wooden double-doors, an open black door, and a display case are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Tyviel'a the Great Dragon Elder, Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Roxi the San Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Tennant the San Elf, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Ethalis the Noble Elder, Jubilation the Drake, Centanil the Penthanian, Arclight the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Maiz the Drake, Sast the Secian (seated), Muhr the Noble Elder (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Osire the Noble Hithual, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Montis the Monitanian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Rone the San Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Darrow the Secian (seated), Snowball the Leuian (seated), Sindelle the Noble San Elf, Aella the Leuian (seated), Lady Gia the Noble Elder, Agilulf the Noble Human Elder, Kithrael the Fir Elf (seated), Clive the Noble Drag-al (seated), Gwena the Leuian, Baily the Noble Elder, Sevi the Noble Secian (seated), and Yinnin the Noble Leuian.
Obvious exits: north* northeast* east* southeast* south*.
stand heavily, old bones popping and creaking...
>You stand up heavily, old bones popping and creaking....
>You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Skylar claps.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Osire grins.

Clive stands up.

Clive, The Masked Drag-al returns!, just went north.

Muhr says, "Vaile has a post in the staff folder that explains a good bit. And this log will be up when I can edit out all of the unnecessary stuff."

Aella stands up.

Deborien just entered from the southeast.

Mazzar says, "gia, thats it for me"

Kalann just went through an open wooden door.

Arclight says, "guess i dont get to ask."

Clive, Who is that Masked Drag-al?, just entered from the north.
l at doo
l through doo
It looks like an open wooden door.
>[OOC Inn.]

A plain wood building dominates this courtyard. Swinging slightly in the breeze, is a sign with two brightly painted butterflies and the name of the Inn.  A white wooden sign and an open wooden door are here.

This room is illuminated.
You see the 1st gold spotted green day gecko (wearing a small gold collar) and the 1st raven (wearing a small gold collar).
Obvious exits: west*.
>
In a rainbow shimmer, Jax appears.

Arclight asks, "is there a timer on that stance thing?"

Clive, The Masked Drag-al returns!, just went through an open wooden door.

Deborien squeals at Jax.

Muhr shakes his head from side to side to Arclight.

Aella hops at Jax.

Aceris's stomach growls.

Your stomach growls.

 ** You are fully rested.
bow to ja deeply, his huge tree-like body bent almost in half
You bow to Jax deeply, his huge tree-like body bent almost in half.
>
Arclight says, "bad idea"

Roxi just went through an open wooden door.

Nortinaim just entered from the southeast.

Jax just dropped a glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

Muhr says, "But it does go in queue."

Aceris just went through a glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

Jax taps the glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

Varnfair just went through a glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

Skylar just went through a glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

Arclight says, "using Zmud you can abuse it then"
go cry

Aella just went through a glowing mysterious swirling crystal.

As you pass through, there is a twist, and a feeling of distance...

[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Aceris the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Skylar the Noble Thugian, and Aella the Leuian.
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Deborien just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Nortinaim just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Aceris discusses something with the proprietor.

Nortinaim just went through an open green steelwood door.

Jurrel just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Osire just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Aella just went through an open green steelwood door.

Trinnity, Back from the dead, just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Orlando sits down.

Mazzar just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Varnfair says, "oh sweet crystal to freedom from inane questions"

Aceris just went through an open green steelwood door.

Weaver just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Deborien discusses something with the proprietor.

Orlando stands up.

Osire returns his two-handed bone-hilted orichalcum claymore.

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went south.

Osire straps a lightning painted orichalcum kite shield to his left arm.
lau
You laugh.
>
Deborien snickers at Varnfair.
nod yes to var
You nod up and down to Varnfair.
>
Osire clasps his hands and calls out a sacred prayer!

Aceris just entered through an open green steelwood door.

Noffbrau just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Jurrel removes his heavy onyx banded morbius armor.

Weaver discusses something with the proprietor.

Deborien closes his eyes and utters an ancient incantation.

Jurrel just went through an open green steelwood door.

Rektger just went through an open green steelwood door.
adv 5
You advance another 5 UDs!
>
Noffbrau returns his magnificent iron ale retriever on a rope.

Noffbrau readies a two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger.
ret 1
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
Weaver sits down.
ret 1
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
ret 1
>
Varnfair just went through an open green steelwood door.
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
Aceris just went through an open green steelwood door.
ret 1
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
Skylar returns her short crystalla spiked oak aclys.
ret 1

Rawcliffe just entered from the south.
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
A strong gust of wind begins to swirl about Deborien...

An invisible barrier of solid air suddenly forms about Deborien!

Tbor just entered through a glowing silvery portal.
ret 1

Tbor just went through an open green steelwood door.
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
Lauranna just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

The luminous light of Osire's soul begins to radiate from within him...

A protective barrier of light suddenly forms around Osire!

You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the south.
l
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian, Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human, Rawcliffe the Drake, Deborien the Noble San Elf, Osire the Noble Hithual, and Skylar the Noble Thugian.
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!
tact
Standing in front of you at 6 UDs, is:
Rawcliffe
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Trinnity, Lauranna, Noffbrau, Mazzar, Weaver, Orlando, Deborien, Osire, Skylar
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha
>
You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Osire readies a rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame.

You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Orlando sits down.

Skylar readies a short twisted bluesteel degan.

You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Kalann just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

You watch Rawcliffe poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Maiz just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Osire returns his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame.

A mysterious white tiger leaps in and drops a coral encrusted helm before Osire!

Kalann straps a bone shield to his left arm.

Ward just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Tiranabous just appeared.
l at doo
l through doo
It looks like an open green steelwood door.
>[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Aceris the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf (entangled in webbing), Nortinaim the Penthanian (hovering 25 feet above ground), Tbor the Noble Monitanian, and Aella the Leuian (entangled in webbing).
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Kalann motions his hands over the ground and begins to chant loudly.

Ward just went through an open green steelwood door.

Tiranabous just went through an open green steelwood door.
l at h
You find something suitably reflective and gaze into it...

You look like a 8'0" standard adolescent delicate boned, stocky bodied Oog-ra.
You have very long, tied back, kinky chestnut brown fur, with large reddish brown eyes, and look disheveled.
You appear to be partying right now.
You can be attacked by other players.
You appear to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to your clothing.

Physical appearance:

You see a large hairy oog-ra standing before you, with old scars covering most of his body

                        Visible Equipment
A two-handed steelwood maul                        (right hand)
A giant brushed copper ring mail                   (armor)
A twinkling pitch black strand of love beads       (around neck)
A bone pitch black bearskin berserker's cloak      (over armor)
A blood-stained wool skirt                         (pants)
A squirming knotted belt of live rats              (on belt)

You have been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

go door
>[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Aceris the Leuian, Varnfair the Fir Elf (entangled in webbing), Ward the Noble Leuian, Nortinaim the Penthanian (hovering 25 feet above ground), Tiranabous the Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (entangled in webbing), and Aella the Leuian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>The webs entangling Varnfair's right leg suddenly fade away!

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Tbor, chilling him to the bone!
    Tbor is knocked back!

Ice falls from Tbor as the cold wind ceases.
Rektger spins a web at Tbor!
The attack is an unbelievable shot to the right leg.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.
tact

Lauranna just entered through an open green door.
The webs entangling Varnfair's torso suddenly fade away!
Tbor's right leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
Standing in front of you at 2 UDs, is:
Rektger
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Aceris, Hroomha, Ward, Nortinaim, Tiranabous, Tbor, Aella
>Rektger spins a web at Tbor!
The attack is a well-delivered shot to the right leg.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Ward but misses.

Tbor cries!

Noffbrau just entered through an open green door.
The webs entangling Varnfair's head suddenly fade away!

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Tbor!
The swing is a strong blow to the torso.
    Tbor is knocked back!

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Tbor, chilling him to the bone!
    Tbor is knocked back!

Ice falls from Tbor as the cold wind ceases.

Varnfair says to Tbor, "one was 60"
Rektger spins a web at Tbor!
The attack is a good shot to the right leg.

Varnfair sits down.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.
ret 1
You retreat 1 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>The webs entangling Varnfair's left arm suddenly fade away!

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Ward's right arm!

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Tbor, chilling him to the bone!
    Tbor is knocked back!
    Tbor stumbles and falls down!

Tbor just died.

Ice falls from Tbor as the cold wind ceases.
The webs entangling Tbor's right leg suddenly fade away!
The webs entangling Tbor's left arm suddenly fade away!

Jurrel says, "sit if you want a heal"

Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Rektger!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.
    Rektger is knocked back!

Nortinaim exclaims, "whoops!"

Aella gasps.

Rektger chuckles.

Ward snickers at Tbor.

Aceris says, "Woah"

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Rektger!
The swing is a decent blow to the left arm.
    Rektger is knocked back!
Rektger spins a web at Noffbrau!
The attack is a terrific shot to the head.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Ward's right leg!
Noffbrau's head is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
Rektger spins a web at Noffbrau!
The attack goes wild.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack fumbles!
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack goes wild.

Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Rektger!
The swing is a decent blow to the left arm.
    Rektger is knocked back!
Rektger spins a web at Noffbrau!
The attack is a good shot to the head.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a good blow to the right leg.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Tiranabous delivers a flying jump kick to Noffbrau's right leg!
    Noffbrau stumbles and falls down!

Kalann just entered through an open green door.
Rektger spins a web at Noffbrau!
The attack is a nearly perfect shot to the right arm.

Nortinaim flies down and lands.

Nortinaim comforts Tbor.
Noffbrau's right arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!

Noffbrau stands up.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing goes wild.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing barely misses.

Tiranabous delivers a flying jump kick to Noffbrau's right leg!
    Noffbrau stumbles and falls down!

Tbor moans.

Noffbrau stands up.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing misses its target.

Tiranabous delivers a flying jump kick to Noffbrau's right leg!
    Noffbrau stumbles and falls down!

Aella whines about an 18 second fumble.

Noffbrau stands up.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    Noffbrau is knocked back!

In a rainbow shimmer, Tbor disappears.

Noffbrau lies down.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Weaver just entered through an open green door.

Tiranabous delivers a flying jump kick to Noffbrau's head!

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Osire just entered through an open green door.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Noffbrau, chilling him to the bone!

Ice falls from Noffbrau as the cold wind ceases.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Tiranabous attempts a flying jump kick against Noffbrau but misses.
tact
Standing in front of you at 3 UDs, is:
Rektger
Standing in front of you at 2 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Noffbrau, Kalann, Aceris, Weaver, Ward, Nortinaim, Tiranabous, Osire, Aella
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha
>
Noffbrau stands up.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

Aceris wrinkles his nose.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Noffbrau, chilling him to the bone!
    Noffbrau is knocked back!

Ice falls from Noffbrau as the cold wind ceases.

Noffbrau just went through an open green door.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right leg.

A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Rektger, causing the earth beneath him to explode!

Rektger is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Varnfair returns his damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon.

Tbor just entered through an open green door.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing misses its target.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
Tbor bites at Nortinaim!
The attack is a well-delivered gouge to the head.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack misses its target.
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack misses its target.

Varnfair stands up.

Aceris whimpers.

Kalann ducks.

Dark flames gather before Varnfair and coalesce into the shape of a sword!

Nortinaim shrieks at Tbor.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing goes wild.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Tbor snickers.

Nortinaim holds his hand up in the air and begins to chant.
Tbor bites at Nortinaim!
The attack fumbles!

Osire mutters something beneath his breath.

Skylar reveals herself.

Skylar thrusts her short twisted bluesteel degan at Tiranabous!
The thrust barely misses.
k ac

Tbor flails his arms about wildly.

Aceris ducks and weave.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Ward comforts Aceris.

The dark sword before Varnfair merges with his body, engulfing him in hellfire!  

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing barely misses.

Aella's fingertips begin to glow with a soft white light.

Varnfair readies a glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

 ** You are fully rested.

Aceris clasps the palms of his hands together and begins to meditate.

Skylar mutters something beneath her breath.
how

The soft white light spreads out and gently envelops Aceris's body!

The white glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

A translucent magick carpet materializes beneath Nortinaim!

Nortinaim rises 25 feet into the air!

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing goes wild.
You howl.
>
Aella's fingertips begin to glow with a soft white light.
k ac

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a terrific blow to the left arm.
    Aceris is knocked back!
    Aceris stumbles and falls down!
>
Noffbrau just entered through an open green door.

The soft white light spreads out and gently envelops Aceris's body!

The white glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

An aura of prismatic light soothingly envelops Aceris's body!

The prismatic aura about Aceris slowly fades away.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Rektger!
The shot is a decent blow to the head.
    Rektger is knocked back!

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing is a decent blow to the torso.
    Tiranabous is knocked back!

Aceris stands up.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Tiranabous attempts a flying jump kick against Osire but misses.
    Tiranabous stumbles and falls down!

Tbor whines at Nortinaim.

Noffbrau just went through an open green door.

Rektger just went through an open green door.

Aella's fingertips begin to glow with a soft white light.
k ac

Osire beams.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses by a slim margin.
>Tbor bites at Tiranabous!
The attack is a good gouge to the left leg.

Nortinaim cackles.

Tiranabous stands up.

The soft white light spreads out and gently envelops Aceris's body!

The white glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing goes wild.

A pale, bluish glow surrounds Aella's fingertips.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing is a terrific blow to the left leg.
    Tiranabous is knocked back!
k ac

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing barely misses.
>
The bluish glow spreads out and soothingly envelops Aella's body!

The bluish glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.
    Tiranabous is knocked back!
    Tiranabous stumbles and falls down!
    His right arm is surrounded by sparks of magick.
Tbor bites at Kalann!
The attack is a well-delivered gouge to the right arm.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against you but fumbles.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Osire!
The swing is an amazing blow to the left leg.
    His left leg is surrounded by sparks of magick.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.
    Osire is knocked back!

Tiranabous stands up.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack misses by a slim margin.
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack nearly fumbles.

Aceris gasps.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

The veil of white mist about Aella melts away.
k ac

Tiranabous attempts a flying jump kick against Osire but fumbles.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!

Varnfair is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

Aceris says, "Horrible delay"

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

The wind circling about Nortinaim dissipates!

Nortinaim's speed returns to normal.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.
    Tiranabous is knocked back!

A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Tbor, causing the earth beneath him to explode!
    Tbor is knocked back!

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.
    Lauranna is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Lauranna!
    Lauranna is knocked back!

Aella stares.
chu hugely
You chuckle hugely.
>
Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!
    Varnfair is knocked back!

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.
    Aceris is knocked back!
Aella claws at Aceris!
    Aceris is knocked back!
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack goes wild.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Tbor!
The shot is a decent blow to the left leg.
    Tbor is knocked back!

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Tiranabous attempts a flying jump kick against Osire but misses.
k ac

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Aceris!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a terrific blow to the left leg.
    Aceris is knocked back!
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing barely misses.

Tbor cackles.

Aella exclaims, "about time!"

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Tbor!
The swing is a good blow to the head, but with difficulty is stopped by his traditional hardened oak tower shield.

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered through an open green door.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!
    Varnfair is knocked back!

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

Tiranabous attempts a flying jump kick against Osire but misses.

Tbor just went through an open green door.
tact

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tiranabous!
The swing fumbles!
Standing in front of you at 2 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Kalann, Aceris, Weaver, Orlando, Nortinaim, Tiranabous, Osire, Skylar, Aella
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha
>
Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a well-delivered blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.

Wisps of shimmering wind begin to swirl before Nortinaim.

Aceris just went through an open green door.

Tiranabous just went through an open green door.
adv 2
You advance another 2 UDs!
>
The wall of wind around Nortinaim dissipates.

The swirling wind spins rapidly around Nortinaim, speeding his movements!

Nortinaim suddenly speeds up!
tact
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha, Varnfair
Standing behind you at 1 UDs, is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Kalann, Weaver, Orlando, Nortinaim, Osire, Aella
>
Lauranna sits down.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a well-delivered blow to the right leg.
    Nortinaim is knocked back!

Aella glances around.
k var

Lauranna tends her wounds.

A strong gust of wind begins to swirl around Nortinaim.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

The runes gathering around Kalann break apart!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Lauranna's chest.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot fumbles!
k var

The pure white flames about Aella fade away.
Aella claws at Varnfair!
The attack barely misses.
    Varnfair is knocked back!
Aella claws again at Varnfair!
    Varnfair is knocked back!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing barely misses.
>
The gust of wind completely surrounds Nortinaim and thickens into a protective wall of wind!

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.
k var

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Lauranna!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso.

Aella whistles.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Varnfair says, "crazy fumbles"

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.
k var

Osire sits down.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Varnfair!
The swing misses its target.

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Aella's fingertips begin to glow with a soft white light.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing barely misses.
>
A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.
k var

Radiant white sparks of magick begin to trail from Weaver's fingertips. 

The soft white light spreads out and gently envelops Varnfair's body!

The white glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

Aella's fingertips begin to glow with a soft white light.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Lauranna's chest.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses by a slim margin.
>
Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Varnfair!
The swing barely misses.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Osire stands up.
k var

The soft white light spreads out and gently envelops Varnfair's body!

The white glow upon Aella's fingertips slowly fades away.

Varnfair sits down.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Varnfair!
The swing is a nearly perfect blow to the left leg.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  You see a fog cover the head of Osire.
k var

Lauranna tends her wounds.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

The white sparks of magick spiral about Weaver as an invisible wall of force rises up around him!

Aella just went through an open green door.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

Trinnity, Back from the dead, just entered through an open green door.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.
k var

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Kalann!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the head.
    His head is surrounded by sparks of magick.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

 ** Current fatigue: 74 out of 90

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Osire ducks.

Lauranna stands up.

A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Nortinaim, causing the earth beneath him to explode!
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Varnfair, chilling him to the bone!

Varnfair is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Ice falls from Varnfair as the cold wind ceases.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Varnfair!
The swing misses its target.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Trinnity!
The swing is a good blow to the left leg.
go door
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Noffbrau the Noble Hithual (seated), Ungus the Oog-ra (holding a flaming wooden torch), Rektger the Noble Arachnian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Aceris the Leuian (seated), Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Snowball the Leuian, and Aella the Leuian (seated).
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Aella places her hands upon her chest and prays a moment.
go door
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Weaver the Go-blin-al, Orlando the Noble Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf (seated), Nortinaim the Penthanian (hovering 25 feet above ground), and Osire the Noble Hithual.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Ward reveals himself.

Ward thrusts his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The thrust misses by a slim margin.
k var

Ward snorts.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a good blow to the left leg.
>
A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Osire, causing the earth beneath him to explode!

Osire is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Osire flails his arms about wildly at Ward.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

Nortinaim flies down and lands.
k var

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Ward!
The swing is a decent blow to the left leg.
    Ward is knocked back!

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.
    Ward is knocked back!
    Ward stumbles and falls down!

Ward flails his arms about wildly at Osire.

Nortinaim sits down.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Ward stands up.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Osire, causing the earth beneath him to explode!

Osire is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing fumbles!

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Varnfair!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Tbor just entered through an open green door.

Varnfair stands up.
tact
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Kalann, Weaver, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Osire, Tbor
>
A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Osire, causing the earth beneath him to explode!

Osire is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Kalann scowls.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Nortinaim's chest.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Kalann!
The swing is a decent blow to the right arm.
    His right arm is surrounded by sparks of magick.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.

Varnfair sits down.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left arm, but is simply parried by his leaf bladed steel main-gauche.

Orlando tends to Varnfair's wounds.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing misses by a slim margin.
Tbor bites at Osire!
The attack misses its target.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Varnfair!
The swing misses its target.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

Osire grumbles.
go door
go door

Orlando snaps his fingers.
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Noffbrau the Noble Hithual (seated), Ungus the Oog-ra (holding a flaming wooden torch), Rektger the Noble Arachnian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Aceris the Leuian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco, Snowball the Leuian, and Aella the Leuian (seated).
Obvious exits: south* west*.

Aella snorts at Aceris.
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Weaver the Go-blin-al, Orlando the Noble Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf (seated), Ward the Noble Leuian, Nortinaim the Penthanian (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, and Tbor the Noble Monitanian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
k var
>
Varnfair says, "do not FA me"

Mazzar just entered through an open green door.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing barely misses.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing is a decent blow to the left leg.
    Ward is knocked back!

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.
Tbor bites at Osire!
The attack misses its target.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.
k var

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Osire!
The swing goes wild.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing misses its target.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Varnfair!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing goes wild.

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso, but is barely blocked by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.
Tbor bites at Osire!
The attack barely misses.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Tbor!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    Tbor is knocked back!
    Tbor stumbles and falls down!

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left arm.
    Ward is knocked back!
tact
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Kalann, Mazzar, Weaver, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Osire, Tbor
>
Tbor flails his arms about wildly.

The wind circling about Nortinaim dissipates!

Nortinaim's speed returns to normal.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing misses its target.
k os

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.

Weaver just removed a short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger from within his bone studded leather harness.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Osire!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Tbor's chest.

Kalann says, "Someone attack me"

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Lauranna!
The swing misses its target.

Weaver readies a short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the head, but with difficulty is stopped by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing barely misses.

The tiger spirit leaves Osire's body and swirls into a wisps of mist!

The glowing suit of armor about Osire breaks apart!

Montis just entered through an open green door.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Kalann!
The swing goes wild.

Ward says, "this defensive crap doesnt do anything for me"
k kal

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Kalann!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a decent blow to the right arm.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.
>
Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Kalann!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing is a good blow to the torso.

Tbor stands up.

Tendrils of magickal energy begin to crackle between Mazzar's hands.

Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Ward!
The swing is a decent blow to the right arm.

Kalann ponders the meaning of the universe for a moment.
Tbor bites at Osire!
The attack nearly fumbles.

Kalann grins.
k kal

Rektger just entered through an open green door.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Kalann!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left arm.
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.

A bolt of raw magickal energy shoots out from Mazzar's hands and strikes Kalann!
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.

The energy bolt explodes into crackling sparks.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Kalann!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses its target.
>
Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.
You see Rektger move up another 3 UDs!

Ward flails his arms about wildly at Weaver.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Kalann!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Kalann says, "Thanks"

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a strong blow to the torso, but is simply parried by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing goes wild.
Tbor bites at Osire!
The attack goes wild.

Ward sobs.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack nearly fumbles.

Orlando nods.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack is a strong shot to the head.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Kalann!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing nearly fumbles.
Montis's head is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
You see Montis move up another 3 UDs!
sal to kal
You salute to Kalann.
>
Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Kalann!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Osire holds Ward close.
tact
Standing in front of you at 3 UDs, is:
Rektger, Montis
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Kalann, Mazzar, Weaver, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Osire, Tbor
>You see Rektger move up another 2 UDs!

Kalann sits down.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack is a well-delivered shot to the right leg.
    Osire is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Osire!
    Osire is knocked back!

Kalann tends his wounds.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing goes wild.

The wall of wind around Nortinaim dissipates.
Montis's right leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack is a terrific shot to the left leg.

Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Kalann!
The swing is a nearly perfect blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.

Osire flails his arms about wildly.
Montis's left leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!

Tbor howls.
You see Rektger retreat 5 UDs to the rear!

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Montis readies a spiked moonsilver ball on a chain.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Kalann!
The swing is a decent blow to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
k wea

Tbor chuckles.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Weaver!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a fantastic blow to the right arm.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.
    Weaver is knocked back!
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Tbor!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.
    Tbor is knocked back!

Montis throws his spiked moonsilver ball on a chain at Rektger!
The shot is a well-delivered blow to the right leg.
    Montis's spiked moonsilver ball on a chain just returned to his hand!

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a good blow to the right leg.
    Osire is knocked back!

Skylar reveals herself.
You see Skylar move up another 3 UDs!

Kalann tends his wounds.
You see Rektger move up another 1 UDs!

Ward squeals.
k wea

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Montis!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.
    Montis is knocked back!

Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Ward!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Weaver!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses its target.
>
Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Montis throws his spiked moonsilver ball on a chain at Rektger!
The shot fumbles!
    Montis's spiked moonsilver ball on a chain just returned to his hand!

You watch Skylar poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

 ** Current fatigue: 66 out of 90

Tbor winces.

Osire flails his arms about wildly at Ward.

Noffbrau just entered through an open green door.
You see Tbor move up another 3 UDs!

Aceris just entered through an open green door.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Osire sits down.

(Rektger says, I LOVE THIS)

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Montis!
The swing is a decent blow to the right arm.
    Montis is knocked back!

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Lauranna!
The swing is a perfect blow to the right arm.
    Lauranna is knocked back!

Kalann stands up.

Weaver swings his short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger at Ward!
The swing misses its target.

The hellfire about Varnfair's body fades away.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a strong blow to the right arm.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Ward!
The swing goes wild.
    Montis is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Montis!
    Montis is knocked back!
The webs entangling Montis's head suddenly fade away!
k wea

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Weaver!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a nearly perfect blow to the right arm.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.
    Weaver is knocked back!
>
A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Montis straps a coat of arms emblazoned battle shield to his left arm.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Montis!
The swing is a strong blow to the head, but with difficulty is stopped by his coat of arms emblazoned battle shield.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Osire!
The swing is a strong blow to the left arm, but is barely blocked by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Tbor gloats.

Mazzar asks Trinnity, "can ya give me a few whacks?"

Kalann just went through an open green door.
l at we

Weaver looks like a 2'4" standard mature delicate boned, skinny bodied Go-blin-al.
He has very long, wild, coarse glossy black hair, with pitch black eyes, and looks neat.
He appears to be mischievous right now.
He bears the mark of Set.
He can be attacked by other players.
He has a tiny abrasion on his right arm, and looks pale and tired.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to his clothing.

Physical appearance:

A scrawny little green humanoid with glistining grey runes on his skin. His eyes are black voids with flashes of emerald green on occasion.

                        Visible Equipment
A short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger    (right hand)
Some heavy rune etched bone battle-mage mail       (armor)
A black glowing shaman's spirit staff              (shield)
A wickedly spiked bone necklace                    (around neck)
A flowing mysterious cloak of darkness             (over armor)
A strangely glowing ring                           (ring (left))
A Skullz branded bone rat's head ring              (ring (left))
A rune inscribed ring                              (ring (left))
A dragon shaped bone earring                       (left ear)
A moon embroidered shaman robe                     (dress)
A blackened woven grass Shaman's loincloth         (pants)
A closed ancient black leather shaman's spirit bag (on belt)
A bone studded leather harness                     (on belt)
A closed rune grey hemp go-blin-al shaman's bag    (on belt)


A wall of force.  (Weakening)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>
Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Ward!
The swing is an exceptional blow to the left leg.
    Ward is knocked back!
    Ward stumbles and falls down!

Ward just died.

Varnfair stands up.

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
The webs entangling Montis's right leg suddenly fade away!

Aceris comforts Rektger.

Lauranna sits down.

Tbor just went through an open green door.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.
The webs entangling Montis's left leg suddenly fade away!

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Noffbrau says, "whoops"

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing is a decent blow to the left arm.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Weaver says, "ack"

Montis throws his spiked moonsilver ball on a chain at Rektger!
The shot fumbles!
    Montis's spiked moonsilver ball on a chain just returned to his hand!

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Radiant white sparks of magick begin to trail from Mazzar's fingertips. 

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.
Rektger spins a web at Aceris!
The attack is a strong shot to the left arm.
Aceris's left arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Ward's ghost says to Noffbrau, "now you decide to jump in"

Trinnity mumbles like anyone needs to ask for me to hit em.

Rektger cackles.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing is a decent blow to the torso.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Weaver sits down.

Osire stands up.

Trinnity snickers.

Smaugus just entered through an open green door.

Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Rektger!
The swing is a strong blow to the right arm.
    Rektger is knocked back!

Weaver tends his wounds.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

The white sparks of magick spiral about Mazzar as an invisible wall of force rises up around her!

Osire laughs.

Rektger just went through an open green door.

Aceris laughs at Ward.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing is a good blow to the right arm.
    Her right arm appears to glow for a moment.

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing barely misses.

Lauranna tends her wounds.
' tyv's triggers still on Ward

Hroomha says, " tyv's triggers still on Ward"
>
Weaver tends his wounds.

Montis sits down.

Aceris just went through an open green door dragging Ward.

Montis tends his wounds.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing misses its target.

The wall of force about Weaver shatters into oblivion!

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Weaver tends his wounds.
tact
Standing in front of you at 3 UDs, is:
Montis
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Noffbrau, Mazzar, Weaver, Hroomha, Orlando, Nortinaim, Osire, Smaugus
>
Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at Osire!
The swing barely misses.

Montis tends his wounds.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing barely misses.

Nortinaim stands up.

Skylar reveals herself.
You see Skylar retreat 2 UDs to the rear!

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Noffbrau!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Noffbrau!
The swing goes wild.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Tbor just entered through an open green door.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Kalann just entered through an open green door.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

Montis tends his wounds.

Noffbrau says to Osire, "4 sec lay hands now sweet"

You watch Skylar poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Noffbrau!
The swing is a fantastic blow to the right arm.
    Noffbrau is knocked back!

Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at Noffbrau!
The swing is an unbelievable blow to the left arm.
    Noffbrau is knocked back!

Black clouds begin to gather above Nortinaim as he raises his hand into the air.
    Varnfair is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Varnfair!
    Varnfair is knocked back!

Smaugus cackles.

Osire nods to Noffbrau.

Tbor gloats.

Lauranna tends her wounds.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  You see a fog cover the head of Osire.
h
You have no apparent injuries, but look tired.

HP: 253/253  Ftg:  68/ 90
>
Varnfair sits down.

Montis returns his spiked moonsilver ball on a chain.

Orlando beams.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Mazzar!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    Her head appears to glow for a moment.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Montis tends his wounds.

Kalann chants loudly and plants his foot firmly onto the ground.

Tbor listens intently to Varnfair.

Mazzar nods.

Aceris just entered through an open green door.

Osire returns his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame.

Rhyan just entered through an open green door.

A large crack snakes along the ground from Kalann and surrounds Montis, causing the earth beneath him to explode!

Bits of earthen debris fall to the ground.

Noffbrau says to Smaugus, "what the hell you hit me"
stance aggr

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Osire clasps his hands together and murmurs a prayer to Unknown!

Varnfair says, "54"
Attack strategy set to: Aggressive.
>
Mazzar says to Trinnity, "thanks"

Aella just entered through an open green door.

Mazzar just went through an open green door.

Montis tends his wounds.

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Varnfair!
The swing is a strong blow to the torso.

Rhyan just went through an open green door.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack barely misses.
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack goes wild.

Tbor frowns.

Weaver stands up.

Rawcliffe just entered through an open green door.

The image of a glowing tiger flares across Osire's chest and his eyes begin to glow with a supernatural light!

Osire bows his head and whispers a prayer to Unknown.
You see Weaver retreat 5 UDs to the rear!

Rawcliffe just went through an open green door.
l
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.
A chain of lightning.  

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf (seated), Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al, Orlando the Noble Human, Varnfair the Fir Elf (seated), Nortinaim the Penthanian, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Montis the Monitanian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco, and Aella the Leuian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Montis grins at Kalann.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack misses its target.
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Montis hisses its ok.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

 ** Current fatigue: 72 out of 90
Tbor bites at Varnfair!
The attack misses its target.

Montis stands up.

A cloak of grey mist closely wraps itself about Osire!

Osire readies a rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame.
You see Montis retreat 3 UDs to the rear!

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Aella!
The swing nearly fumbles.
l at doo
l through doo

Aella says to Aceris, "honestly."
It looks like an open green door.
>[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Ungus the Oog-ra (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Mazzar the Noble Penthanian (seated), Rawcliffe the Drake, Ward the Noble Leuian's lifeless body, Maiz the Drake, and Snowball the Leuian.
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Aella grunts.

Aceris asks Aella, "I can't hit you so why do I bother?"

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Aella claws at Aceris!
The attack goes wild.
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Lauranna stands up.

Montis removes his coat of arms emblazoned battle shield.

Nortinaim exclaims, "Mage S.N.E.R.T attack..GO!"

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Noffbrau!
The swing is an amazing blow to the right leg.
    Noffbrau is knocked back!
    Noffbrau stumbles and falls down!

A clap of thunder booms as a bolt of lightning streaks from out of the clouds and strikes Nortinaim's outstretched hand!  Crackling tendrils of lightning snake from Nortinaim's hand and strike everything in their path!

Trinnity is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    Lauranna is knocked back!
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
    Weaver is knocked back!

You manage to resist the effects!
    Orlando is knocked back!
    Osire is knocked back!

Tbor is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.

Noffbrau stands up.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
Montis claws at Kalann!
The attack is a decent slash to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
Montis claws again at Kalann!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the torso.

Nortinaim cackles.

Kalann says, "Thanks"

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Maiz just entered through an open green door.
    Aceris is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Aceris!
    Aceris is knocked back!

Skylar reveals herself.
You see Skylar retreat 1 UDs to the rear!

Aella shrieks.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Tendrils of lightning snake through the area, leaping from target to target!

Noffbrau is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
    Weaver is knocked back!

You manage to resist the effects!

Orlando is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    Osire is knocked back!
    Tbor is knocked back!
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.

Aceris is now following Nortinaim.

Weaver just placed a short ancestral rune-etched moonsilver dagger within his bone studded leather harness.

Aella just went through an open green door.

Kalann sits down.

Noffbrau says to Smaugus, "you hit me wit a 333 dr "

Smaugus snickers.

Osire grins.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Rawcliffe just entered through an open green door.

Aceris has left Nortinaim's group.

Nortinaim says, "nope"

Montis just went through an open green door.

You watch Skylar poorly attempt to blend into the shadows!

Aceris is now following Nortinaim.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Maiz claws at Jurrel!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the left leg.
Maiz claws again at Jurrel!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the right arm.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Orlando!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Tbor sits down.

Tendrils of lightning snake through the area, leaping from target to target!

Jurrel is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Noffbrau is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
    Weaver is knocked back!
  Your giant brushed copper ring mail absorbs about half of the damage!
    Your left arm takes 8 points of burn damage!
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Lauranna just went through an open green door.
You see Weaver move up another 8 UDs!

Tbor tends his wounds.

Smaugus grins to Noffbrau.
k nof

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Noffbrau!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Orlando!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso.
    Orlando is knocked back!
cac
You cackle.
>
Tendrils of lightning snake through the area, leaping from target to target!

Trinnity is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.

Weaver is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
  Your giant brushed copper ring mail absorbs about half of the damage!
    Your torso takes 9 points of burn damage!

Rawcliffe is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Varnfair is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Osire is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.

The chain of lightning dissipates, leaving the smell of ozone in the air.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Aceris has left Nortinaim's group.
e
w

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Noffbrau!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Tendrils of black energy begin to form before Weaver's hands.
[East end.]

Here in the east end of the arena the crowd is actually cheering you on in your endeavors. Of course they are also cheering for your opponents as well.

This area is illuminated.
Obvious paths: north* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Kalann the Noble Penthanian (seated), Aceris the Leuian, Weaver the Go-blin-al, Orlando the Noble Human, Rawcliffe the Drake, Varnfair the Fir Elf (seated), Nortinaim the Penthanian, Maiz the Drake, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), and Smaugus the Noble Draco.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Ward just entered through an open green door.
Maiz claws at Varnfair!
The attack fumbles!
Maiz claws again at Varnfair!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Aceris is now following Nortinaim.

Varnfair stands up.
k nof

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Noffbrau!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing goes wild.
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Noffbrau!
The swing barely misses.
Rawcliffe claws at Nortinaim!
The attack is a good slash to the left leg.
Rawcliffe claws again at Nortinaim!
The attack nearly fumbles.

The mystical light within Noffbrau's eyes fades away.

Aceris kicks Nortinaim.

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at Maiz!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left arm.
k nof

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Noffbrau sits down on his torn drathain barstool.

Nortinaim says, "eep"

The tendrils of black energy snake from Weaver's hands and surround Noffbrau's body, causing bits of his flesh to dissolve right before your very eyes!

Kalann tends his wounds.

Varnfair slings his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

Nortinaim's group just went through an open green door.

Noffbrau places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Noffbrau!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a good blow to the right arm.
>
Tbor tends his wounds.

The transparent scales covering Smaugus liquify and drip off.

Smaugus's body returns to normal as the fiery tendrils dissipate.

Dark flames gather before Varnfair and coalesce into the shape of a sword!

Osire sits down.
k nof

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

The black tendrils constrict tightly around Noffbrau's body, dissolving more of his flesh!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Noffbrau!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses its target.
>
Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Noffbrau!
The swing is a nearly perfect blow to the right leg.

Noffbrau swings his two-handed Hithual forged emiel limb flinger at you!
The swing is a good blow to the left leg.
  Your giant brushed copper ring mail absorbs some of the damage!
h
    Your left leg takes 20 points of slash damage!

You feel your self-control breaking as you start to go berserk!
    Varnfair is knocked back!
Maiz claws at Varnfair!
    Varnfair is knocked back!
    Varnfair is knocked back!
Maiz claws again at Varnfair!
    Varnfair is knocked back!
You have a tiny burn on your left arm, a tiny burn on your torso, a tiny slash across your left leg, and look weakened and tired.

HP: 216/253  Ftg:  68/ 90
>
The dark sword before Varnfair merges with his body, engulfing him in hellfire!  

Montis just entered through an open green door.
k nof

Trinnity howls.

Aceris just entered through an open green door.

Orlando sits down.
Rawcliffe claws at Noffbrau!
The attack is a good slash to the right arm.
    Noffbrau falls back and lies down!

Noffbrau just died.

The tendrils of black energy about Noffbrau dissipate!

The cloak of deep blue mist about Noffbrau melts away.
Rawcliffe claws again at Noffbrau!
The attack is a strong slash to the right arm.

Tbor tends his wounds.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.
Montis claws at Kalann!
The attack is a decent slash to the right arm.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
Montis claws again at Kalann!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the right leg.
But Noffbrau is dead!
>
Orlando tends his wounds.

Smaugus swings his two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe at you!
The swing is an amazing blow to the torso.
  Your giant brushed copper ring mail absorbs some of the damage!
    You are knocked back!
stand angrily
how beligerently
    You stumble and fall down!
h
    Your torso takes 23 points of slash damage!
You are in a berserk frenzy, you can't do that!
You have a tiny burn on your left arm, a tiny burn on your torso, a tiny slash across your left leg, a tiny slash across your torso, and look weakened and tired.

HP: 193/253  Ftg:  72/ 90
stance fren

Trinnity winces.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
You stand up angrily.

Varnfair readies a glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

Rawcliffe says, "Oops"

Kalann grins.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Smaugus but misses.
    Smaugus is knocked back!
Maiz claws at Smaugus!
    Smaugus is knocked back!
Maiz claws again at Smaugus!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Smaugus gapes.
k nof

Weaver mutters something beneath his breath.
Attack strategy set to: Frenzied.

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Rektger just entered through an open green door.
But Noffbrau is dead!
>
The blue light about Smaugus's arms quickly fades away.

Weaver sits down.

Osire laughs at Rawcliffe.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Maiz!
The swing is a strong blow to the right leg.

Kalann tends his wounds.
You see Rektger move up another 3 UDs!

Tbor tends his wounds.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Smaugus's right leg!

Weaver tends his wounds.

Noffbrau's ghost says to Rawcliffe, "thanks alot"

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack nearly fumbles.

Rhyan just entered through an open green door.

Smaugus grins.
Maiz claws at Trinnity!
The attack is a decent slash to the right leg.
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the torso, but is barely blocked by her steel shield.
Maiz claws again at Trinnity!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the torso, but is barely blocked by her steel shield.

Osire stands up.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack is an unbelievable shot to the right arm.

Orlando tends his wounds.
Montis's right arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the head.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Smaugus's left leg!
    Smaugus is knocked back!
    Smaugus stumbles and falls down!

Noffbrau laughs.

Montis grins at Rektger.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Rawcliffe!
The swing misses by a slim margin.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack misses its target.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a decent blow to the left arm.

Rhyan says, "Tyv said she's not taking report deads right now if you die"
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack misses its target.

Weaver tends his wounds.

A dark crimson aura begins to radiate from Maiz's ruby scales.

Smaugus sits up.
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack goes wild.

Aella just entered through an open green door.

Orlando tends his wounds.
    Aceris is knocked back!
Aella claws at Aceris!
    Aceris is knocked back!
Aella claws again at Aceris!
The attack fumbles!
Rektger spins a web at Montis!
The attack is a fantastic shot to the left arm.
Montis's left arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!

Smaugus tends his wounds.
l sma
Usage: LOOK, LOOK <dir>, LOOK THROUGH <obj>, or LOOK AT <mon|plr|obj>
>
Aceris says, "Ouch"

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Rawcliffe claws at Osire!
The attack misses its target.
The attack is a good slash to the left leg, but is barely deflected by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.
Rawcliffe claws again at Osire!
The attack is a good slash to the left leg, but is barely deflected by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a strong blow to the right leg.

Tbor winces.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Rawcliffe!
The swing is an unbelievable blow to the right arm.
    Rawcliffe is knocked back!
k sma

Aceris whimpers.

Kalann tends his wounds.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a good blow to the right leg.
The 2nd swing is a decent blow to the left arm.
>
Darkness creeps across the surface of Maiz's scales and he fades into the shadows!

Tbor tends his wounds.

Rektger cackles.

Aceris just went through an open green door.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Maiz reveals himself.
    Trinnity is knocked back!
    Trinnity stumbles and falls down!
Maiz claws at Trinnity!
    Trinnity is knocked back!
Maiz claws again at Trinnity!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the torso.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing goes wild.
k sma
Rawcliffe claws at Trinnity!
The attack goes wild.
Rawcliffe claws again at Trinnity!
The attack is a good slash to the head.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing misses its target.
The 2nd swing is a well-delivered blow to the right leg.
>
Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso.

Aella laughs.

Trinnity stands up.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Skylar reveals herself.

Skylar thrusts her short twisted bluesteel degan at Montis!
The thrust is a strong backstab to the torso.
    Montis is knocked back!
k sma

Weaver tends his wounds.
The webs entangling Montis's right arm suddenly fade away!

Smaugus exclaims, "oohhh fa's lookin good!"
You see Trinnity move up another 4 UDs!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a decent blow to the left arm.
The 2nd swing is a decent blow to the head.
>Montis claws at Skylar!
The attack fumbles!

Rhyan says to Maiz, "You don't have backstab silly"

Trinnity sits down.
Maiz claws at Montis!
The attack is a good slash to the right arm.
    Montis is knocked back!
Maiz claws again at Montis!
    Montis is knocked back!

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a decent blow to the left arm.

Smaugus beams.

The pure white flames about Aella fade away.

Trinnity tends her wounds.
k sma

Maiz listens intently to Montis.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

In a rainbow shimmer, Jax appears.

Kalann tends his wounds.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a nearly perfect blow to the left leg.
The 2nd swing is a decent blow to the right leg.
>
Smaugus tends his wounds.

Weaver tends his wounds.
Rawcliffe claws at Osire!
The attack goes wild.
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the head, but with difficulty is blocked by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.
Rawcliffe claws again at Osire!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the head, but with difficulty is blocked by his lightning painted orichalcum kite shield.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

Jax just went through an open green door.

Maiz's body returns to normal as the fiery tendrils dissipate.
The webs entangling Montis's left arm suddenly fade away!

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Smaugus's chest.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  You see a fog cover the head of Osire.
k sma

Augatil just entered through an open green door.

Montis hisses 16,28.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a strong blow to the right leg.
The 2nd swing is a well-delivered blow to the head.
>
 ** Current hit points: 181 out of 253

 ** Current fatigue: 57 out of 90

Rawcliffe just went west.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Maiz!
The shot is a strong blow to the torso.

Maiz's eyes begin to glow with a silvery light.

Maiz grunts.

Rawcliffe just entered from the west.

Rhyan just went through an open green door.
    Osire is knocked back!
Rawcliffe claws at Osire!
    Osire is knocked back!
    Osire is knocked back!
Rawcliffe claws again at Osire!
    Osire is knocked back!

Lauranna just entered through an open green door.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a good blow to the left arm.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
Tbor bites at Kalann!
The attack is a good gouge to the head.
k sma

Osire says, "ouch"

Orlando tends his wounds.

Dozens of sparkling silver lights suddenly swirl around Maiz's body!

The sparkling silver lights about Maiz quickly fade away.

Kalann tends his wounds.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Smaugus!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a decent blow to the left leg.
The 2nd swing misses by a slim margin.
>
Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Maiz!
The shot is a perfect blow to the right arm.
    Maiz is knocked back!
Montis claws at Maiz!
The attack is a good slash to the torso.
    Maiz is knocked back!
Montis claws again at Maiz!
    Maiz is knocked back!

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Augatil roars at Rektger.

Maiz removes his heavy orichalcum reinforced arachnian carapace.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

The veil of white mist about Aella melts away.
l at sm

Smaugus looks like a 7'5" standard 1st stage heavy boned, very muscular bodied Dragon.
He is seated.
He is bald, with heavy lidded pitch black eyes, and looks casual.
He appears to be distant right now.
He can be attacked by other players.

On his right arm is a tattoo of a secian in flight.

On his face, under his left eye, is a tattoo of a single tear drop.

He has no apparent injuries, but looks ashen and fatigued.

Physical appearance:

Deep dark eyes permeate from under a stern brow. They shimmer with untamed emotion, full of life, intensity and desire. At almost five hundred pounds, seven and a half feet tall, he seems to exude strength from every taut, rippling limb. 

                        Visible Equipment
A two-handed drathain edged moonsilver great-axe   (right hand)
A heavy silvery veined morbius ring mail           (armor)
An intricately etched moonsilver helm              (on head)
A massive black diamond on a gold chain            (around neck)
A pair of black diamond-studded drathain armbands  (over hands)
Some heavy steel toe black leather boots           (on feet)
A scintillating black diamond star                 (left ear)
A woven moonsilver silk gem pouch                  (on belt)
A woven moonsilver silk gem pouch                  (on belt)
A black diamond-studded leather weapons harness    (on belt)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

>    His head appears to glow for a moment.
Tbor bites at Kalann!
The attack is a strong gouge to the head.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Augatil!
The swing is an exceptional blow to the torso.
    Augatil is knocked back!

Augatil just went through an open green door.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Maiz!
The shot is a decent blow to the right leg.
    Maiz is knocked back!

Maiz just went through an open green door.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a decent blow to the torso.

Aella laughs.
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.
Tbor bites at Kalann!
The attack is a critical gouge to the left arm.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Nortinaim just entered through an open green door.

Tbor grins.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Varnfair!
The swing is a decent blow to the right leg.
    Varnfair is knocked back!
    Varnfair stumbles and falls down!

Nortinaim holds his hand up in the air and begins to chant.

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a decent blow to the right leg.

Kalann grins.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Aella just went through an open green door.
punch sma on the shoulder softly

Kalann says, "Critical"
You punch Smaugus on the shoulder softly.
>
Orlando tends his wounds.

Varnfair stands up.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Tbor whistles.

A translucent magick carpet materializes beneath Nortinaim!

Nortinaim rises 25 feet into the air!

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Wisps of shimmering wind begin to swirl before Nortinaim.

Osire sits down.
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.
Rawcliffe claws at Kalann!
The attack is a terrific slash to the left arm.
    His right arm appears to glow for a moment.
Rawcliffe claws again at Kalann!
The attack is a well-delivered slash to the right arm.

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Smaugus grins to you.

Tbor cackles.

Weaver tends his wounds.

Varnfair sits down.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Ward reveals himself.

Ward thrusts his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Rawcliffe!
The thrust is a decent backstab to the torso.
    Rawcliffe is knocked back!

Kalann tends his wounds.

The swirling wind spins rapidly around Nortinaim, speeding his movements!

Nortinaim suddenly speeds up!

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Rawcliffe!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a decent shot to the left arm.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Rawcliffe just went through an open green door.
Nortinaim's left arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's left arm suddenly fade away!

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Ward claps.

Nortinaim shrieks at Trinnity.
l
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian (seated), Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual's lifeless body, Kalann the Noble Penthanian (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Varnfair the Fir Elf (seated), Ward the Noble Leuian, Nortinaim the Penthanian (hovering 25 feet above ground), Osire the Noble Hithual (seated), Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Montis the Monitanian, and Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated).
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a decent shot to the left leg.
Nortinaim's left leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's left leg suddenly fade away!

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Weaver stands up.

Montis sits down.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Weaver!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.
    Weaver is knocked back!

Osire places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Kalann tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a decent shot to the right arm.
Nortinaim's right arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right arm suddenly fade away!

Orlando just placed an eagle hilted steel war-blade within his lightning embossed leather sheath.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Weaver!
The swing is an amazing blow to the left arm.
    Weaver is knocked back!
    Weaver stumbles and falls down!

Orlando motions his hands over the ground and begins to whisper a chant.

Smaugus tends his wounds.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a strong shot to the head.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
Nortinaim's head is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's head suddenly fade away!
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!
' noff report to tyv dead

Hroomha says, " noff report to tyv dead"
>
Rektger cackles.

Weaver stands up.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  You see a fog cover the head of Osire.

Montis tends his wounds.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a decent shot to the right leg.

Kalann stands up.
You see Weaver retreat 8 UDs to the rear!

Sinuous plants suddenly sprout from the earth and form a protective shield before Orlando!
Nortinaim's right leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right leg suddenly fade away!

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Orlando just removed an eagle hilted steel war-blade from within his lightning embossed leather sheath.

Kalann just went through an open green door.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Montis!
The swing is a decent blow to the right leg.

Skylar reveals herself.

Skylar thrusts her short twisted bluesteel degan at Lauranna!
The thrust is a well-delivered backstab to the torso.
    Lauranna is knocked back!

Orlando readies an eagle hilted steel war-blade.

Weaver just went through an open green door.

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Smaugus tends his wounds.
gri to nof
You are in a berserk frenzy, you can't do that!

Ward cackles at Montis.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Varnfair!
The swing fumbles!

Osire stands up.

Lauranna swings her stag horn handled emiel manpau at Skylar!
The swing is a strong blow to the head, but is simply blocked by her massive steel tower shield.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a nearly perfect shot to the right arm.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Montis!
The swing nearly fumbles.
    Ward is knocked back!
Montis claws at Ward!
    Ward is knocked back!
The attack is a decent slash to the left arm, but is easily blocked by his leaf bladed steel main-gauche.
Montis claws again at Ward!
The attack is a decent slash to the left arm, but is easily blocked by his leaf bladed steel main-gauche.
tact
Standing in front of you at 4 UDs, is:
Trinnity
Standing in front of you at 3 UDs, is:
Rektger
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Noffbrau, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Osire, Tbor, Montis, Smaugus, Skylar
>Nortinaim's right arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right arm suddenly fade away!

Noffbrau's ghost says, "tried"

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Skylar, chilling her to the bone!
    Skylar is knocked back!

Ice falls from Skylar as the cold wind ceases.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a good shot to the right leg.

Lauranna sits down.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Montis!
The swing misses its target.
Nortinaim's right leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right leg suddenly fade away!
k or

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Orlando!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a terrific blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
The 2nd swing goes wild.
>
(Rektger says, ugh, delay)

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Ungus just entered through an open green door.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Skylar, chilling her to the bone!

Skylar is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

Ice falls from Skylar as the cold wind ceases.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a nearly perfect shot to the right arm.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Montis!
The swing is a decent blow to the right arm.
    Ward is knocked back!
Montis claws at Ward!
    Ward is knocked back!
The attack is a good slash to the left arm, but is barely deflected by his leaf bladed steel main-gauche.
Montis claws again at Ward!
The attack is a good slash to the left arm, but is barely deflected by his leaf bladed steel main-gauche.
k or

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Smaugus's chest.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Varnfair stands up.
Nortinaim's right arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right arm suddenly fade away!

Osire swings his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame at Montis!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right arm.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Skylar, chilling her to the bone!
    Skylar is knocked back!

Ice falls from Skylar as the cold wind ceases.

Ward whimpers.

Osire ducks.
Trinnity spins a web at Nortinaim!
The attack is a strong shot to the right leg.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Orlando!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing misses by a slim margin.
The 2nd swing barely misses.
>
Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Montis!
The swing is a decent blow to the head.
Nortinaim's right leg is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
The webs entangling Nortinaim's right leg suddenly fade away!

Montis glances.

The temperature drops as Nortinaim cups his hands together and begins to chant.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Skylar, chilling her to the bone!
    Skylar is knocked back!

Ice falls from Skylar as the cold wind ceases.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Lauranna tends her wounds.

Montis stands up.
k or
Tbor bites at Ward!
The attack fumbles!

Osire whistles.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Varnfair!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.
    Varnfair is knocked back!
    Varnfair stumbles and falls down!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Orlando!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a well-delivered blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
The 2nd swing is a good blow to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
>
Orlando tends his wounds.

Montis just went through an open green door.

Aella just entered through an open green door.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Nortinaim unleashes a whirling cyclone of icy wind upon Skylar, chilling her to the bone!
    Skylar is knocked back!

Ice falls from Skylar as the cold wind ceases.

Tbor winces.

Nortinaim says, "haha"

Ward snickers.

The cloak of grey mist about Osire melts away.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

 ** Current hit points: 173 out of 253

 ** Current fatigue: 57 out of 90

Varnfair sits up.

Skylar returns her short twisted bluesteel degan.

Aceris just entered through an open green door.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Nortinaim says, "I'm liking these changes"

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Skylar readies a short crystalla spiked oak aclys.
k or
Trinnity spins a web at Ungus!
The attack is a strong shot to the torso.
Ungus's torso is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
You see Rektger retreat 5 UDs to the rear!

Varnfair places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Orlando!
[3 sec. delay]
The 1st swing is a terrific blow to the right leg.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
The 2nd swing is a strong blow to the right leg.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
>
(Rektger says, me too)
k nort

Trinnity tends her wounds.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Orlando swings his eagle hilted steel war-blade at you!
The swing nearly fumbles.

Smaugus exclaims, "fa rocks now!"
You're too far away.
>
Skylar sits down.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Orlando's chest.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Lauranna!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    Ward is knocked back!
Tbor bites at Ward!
    Ward is knocked back!

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Varnfair stands up.
The webs entangling Ungus's torso suddenly fade away!

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Tbor!
The swing is a critical blow to the left leg.
ret nort

Nortinaim says to Smaugus, "No, no it doesn't"

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Aceris takes on an offensive stance and begins to concentrate.
>
Skylar tends her wounds.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Tbor winces.

A bright red aura of spirit energy suddenly forms about Aceris's body!
tact

Smaugus grins to Nortinaim.
Standing in front of you at 4 UDs, is:
Trinnity
Standing in front of you at 1 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Jurrel, Lauranna, Noffbrau, Ungus, Aceris, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Osire, Tbor, Smaugus, Skylar, Aella
Standing behind you at 2 UDs, is:
Rektger
>
Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Lauranna!
The shot misses by a slim margin.

Nortinaim says to Smaugus, "Because that's as good as it's ever going to get"

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Tbor!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.

Ward taunts Tbor.

Osire's stomach growls.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Tbor!
The swing is a strong blow to the torso.

Skylar tends her wounds.

Tbor hisses 25.

Trinnity stands up.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Aella's right leg!
    Aella is knocked back!
l
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf (seated), Noffbrau the Noble Hithual's lifeless body, Ungus the Oog-ra, Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Aceris the Leuian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Varnfair the Fir Elf, Ward the Noble Leuian, Nortinaim the Penthanian (hovering 25 feet above ground), Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Skylar the Noble Thugian (seated), and Aella the Leuian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Tbor hisses 35, 20.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Skylar's chest.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Tbor!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Lauranna!
The shot is a fantastic blow to the left arm.

The air begins to shimmer as a cool, refreshing breeze blows into the area.

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Tbor!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg, but with difficulty is deflected by his traditional hardened oak tower shield.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Smaugus chuckles to Nortinaim.
You see Trinnity retreat 4 UDs to the rear!

Tbor cries.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

A current of shimmering air quickly swirls about Nortinaim and his body is enveloped by a soothing aura of pale blue light!

The bluish light about Nortinaim slowly fades away.

The wind circling about Nortinaim dissipates!

Nortinaim's speed returns to normal.
You see Osire call out to the god Unknown.  You see a fog cover the head of Osire.

Aella laughs at Aceris.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Smaugus!
The swing goes wild.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Tbor hisses 46.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Ungus!
The swing is a nearly perfect blow to the head.
    Ungus is knocked back!
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  You see an owl fly above the head of Lauranna.

The hellfire about Varnfair's body fades away.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Tbor stands up.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Smaugus!
The swing goes wild.
You see Rektger move up another 2 UDs!

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Skylar tends her wounds.
drag nof through door

Osire just went through an open green door.

Tbor just went through an open green door.

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Orlando's chest.
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Noffbrau the Noble Hithual's lifeless body, Augatil the Noble Leuian, Kalann the Noble Penthanian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Rawcliffe the Drake (seated), Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian, Montis the Monitanian (seated), Rhyan the Psycian, and Snowball the Leuian.
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Rawcliffe tends his wounds.

Tbor sits down.

sk
h
You calm down and return to normal.

Skill                     Remain Level
 Blunt Weapons             546    11    
 Berserk Attack            284    5     
 First Aid                 602    7     
 Shield Parry              228    3     
 Sharp Weapons             398    4     
 Identify Gems/Minerals    250    4     
 Spellcasting              152    2     
 Throw Weapons             100    1     
 Pole Weapons              520    5     
 Missile Weapons           152    2     

>You have no apparent injuries, but look pale and haggard.

HP: 173/253  Ftg:  18/ 90
>
Montis tends his wounds.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Augatil says to Snowball, "Will do so I'm not a moron..After I take care of that fir"

The supernatural light within Osire's eyes fades away.

Rawcliffe tends his wounds.

Augatil just went through an open green steelwood door.

Montis tends his wounds.

Rawcliffe says to Rhyan, "You have a chance to always hit somebody"
sal to nof
You salute to Noffbrau.
>
Tbor tends his wounds.

Snowball nods.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

Nezril just entered through a glowing silvery portal.

Osire returns his rune etched orichalcum ceremonial athame.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.

Augatil just entered through an open green steelwood door.

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.
l
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Noffbrau the Noble Hithual's lifeless body, Augatil the Noble Leuian, Kalann the Noble Penthanian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Weaver the Go-blin-al (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Rawcliffe the Drake (seated), Nezril the Drag-al, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Montis the Monitanian (seated), Rhyan the Psycian, and Snowball the Leuian.
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

Rawcliffe says to Rhyan, "But high ORs can miss on you"

Osire clasps his hands and calls out a sacred prayer!

Weaver exclaims, "Monsters were hitting me less, but when I got hit, well, it was BAD!"

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.

Kalann's layer of stone skin cracks and crumbles into dust.

Rawcliffe tends his wounds.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to glow with a soft amber light.

Nezril just went through a glowing silvery portal.

Mazzar asks, "so how does everyone feel about the changes?"

Weaver stands up.

Ripples of energy rise from the earth and soothingly envelop Kalann!

The ripples of energy about Kalann fade away.

Kalann says to Mazzar, "I like them"

Rawcliffe tends his wounds.

Tbor tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.
go door
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf's unconscious body (lying down), Ungus the Oog-ra, Rektger the Noble Arachnian, Aceris the Leuian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Varnfair the Fir Elf, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nortinaim the Penthanian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), Skylar the Noble Thugian, and Aella the Leuian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Orlando tends his wounds.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Trinnity!
The swing barely misses.

Nortinaim sits down.
tact
Standing in front of you at 5 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in this rank is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Ungus, Rektger, Aceris, Hroomha, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Smaugus, Skylar, Aella
>
Aella sits down.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Varnfair slings his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

Lauranna snores loudly.

 ** Current hit points: 173 out of 253

 ** Current fatigue: 22 out of 90

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Nortinaim's chest.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Skylar just went through an open green door.

Aella places her hands upon her chest and prays a moment.

Dark flames gather before Varnfair and coalesce into the shape of a sword!

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Nortinaim!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.

Orlando tends his wounds.

Ward tends his wounds.

The red aura about Aceris's body dims and fades away.
k nort

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Aella!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the right leg.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Nortinaim!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a good blow to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
>
The dark sword before Varnfair merges with his body, engulfing him in hellfire!  

Aella places her hands upon her chest and prays a moment.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Trinnity!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Varnfair readies a glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

Smaugus tends his wounds.
k nort

Aella shrieks at Rektger.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Nortinaim!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a strong blow to the right leg.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
>
Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Trinnity!
The swing is a decent blow to the right leg.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Ungus!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.
    Ungus is knocked back!

Ungus takes on a wild-eyed look and begins to foam at the mouth!

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Ward tends his wounds.

Aella places her hands upon her chest and prays a moment.

Lauranna snores loudly.

Rektger flails his arms about wildly.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Ungus!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a decent blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.
k nort

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Nortinaim!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a good blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.
>
Skylar just entered through an open green door.

Smaugus tends his wounds.

Nortinaim says to Rektger, "For some reason everyone is doing crap damage except you."

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Trinnity!
The 1st swing nearly fumbles.
The 2nd swing is a well-delivered blow to the head.
    Trinnity is knocked back!

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Lauranna regains consciousness.

Ward tends his wounds.

Aella stands up.
k nort

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a strong blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.

Lauranna stands up.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Nortinaim!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.
>Aella claws at Rektger!
The attack barely misses.
Aella claws again at Rektger!
The attack barely misses.

(Rektger says, comeuppence)
k nort

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Nortinaim!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a strong blow to the right leg.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.
>
Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot barely misses.

Nortinaim says to Rektger, "You're doing 25, everyone else is doing about 8"

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Aella!
The swing goes wild.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Nortinaim's left leg!
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.
    Rektger is knocked back!
Aella claws at Rektger!
    Rektger is knocked back!
Aella claws again at Rektger!
The attack nearly fumbles.
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!
k rek
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  You see an owl fly above the head of Lauranna.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
[6 sec. delay]
The swing fumbles!
    Nothing happens. (Yet)
>
Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a decent blow to the head.
    His head appears to glow for a moment.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Aella!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

Nortinaim says to Aceris, "3"

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Nortinaim's left arm!
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.

Ward stands up.
k rek

Jurrel kneels briefly, placing his hands upon Nortinaim's chest.
Aella claws at Rektger!
The attack barely misses.
Aella claws again at Rektger!
The attack misses by a slim margin.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Aella!
The swing is a well-delivered blow to the torso.
    Aella is knocked back!
    Aella stumbles and falls down!

The plant shield before Orlando quickly withers into compost.

Aceris chuckles.

Weaver just entered through an open green door.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Orlando!
The swing is an amazing blow to the right leg.

Orlando just placed an eagle hilted steel war-blade within his lightning embossed leather sheath.

Montis just entered through an open green door.

Nortinaim says to Varnfair, "16"

Aella winces.

Ungus swings his two-handed oak quarterstaff at Trinnity!
The 1st swing misses by a slim margin.
The 2nd swing nearly fumbles.

Orlando slowly raises his arms to his sides as he calls out to the spirits of nature.
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot fumbles!

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Aella stands up.
k rek
You see Rektger move up another 1 UDs!
Aella claws at Rektger!
The attack nearly fumbles.
Aella claws again at Rektger!
The attack goes wild.
Rektger spins a web at Aella!
The attack fumbles!

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.

Tiny glowing silver lights suddenly appear and swirl about Orlando's body!

The tiny silver lights about Orlando disperse and flitter away.

Ward reveals himself.

Ward thrusts his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Nortinaim!
The thrust is a well-delivered backstab to the torso.
    His torso appears to glow for a moment.

Tbor just entered through an open green door.

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Jurrel!
The swing misses by a slim margin.

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing misses its target.
>
Orlando slowly raises his arms to his sides as he calls out to the spirits of nature.
Rektger spins a web at Aella!
The attack misses its target.
You see Weaver retreat 5 UDs to the rear!
You see Montis move up another 1 UDs!
k rek

Aella flails her arms about wildly.

Ward grunts.

Nortinaim exclaims to Ward, "15!"
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!
Rektger spins a web at Aella!
The attack is an amazing shot to the left arm.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Aella but misses.
    Rektger is knocked back!
    Rektger stumbles and falls down!
Montis claws at Rektger!
    Rektger is knocked back!
Montis claws again at Rektger!
The attack fumbles!

Tiny glowing silver lights suddenly appear and swirl about Orlando's body!

The tiny silver lights about Orlando disperse and flitter away.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.
Aella's left arm is suddenly entangled in a mass of crystalline webbing!
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

Rektger stands up.

Tendrils of black energy begin to form before Weaver's hands.



You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing is a perfect blow to the right arm.
    Rektger is knocked back!
>Aella claws at Rektger!
The attack is a decent slash to the right arm.
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!

Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Jurrel!
The swing is a good blow to the head.

Orlando slowly raises his arms to his sides as he calls out to the spirits of nature.
k rek

Ward says, "geez"
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  Unfortunately, nothing happens!
how
You howl.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Montis!
The swing is a strong blow to the head.
    Montis is knocked back!

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>
You hear a knock from the open green door.
You see Lauranna call out to the god Elindale.  You see an owl fly above the head of Lauranna.
Tbor bites at Aella!
The attack nearly fumbles.

Ungus sits down.

The tendrils of black energy snake from Weaver's hands and surround Rektger's body, causing bits of his flesh to dissolve right before your very eyes!

Rektger is briefly silhouetted by a pale blue glow.

The tendrils of black energy about Rektger dissipate!

Tiny glowing silver lights suddenly appear and swirl about Orlando's body!

The tiny silver lights about Orlando disperse and flitter away.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Orlando just removed an eagle hilted steel war-blade from within his lightning embossed leather sheath.

Skylar reveals herself.

Skylar thrusts her short twisted bluesteel degan at Tbor!
The thrust is a well-delivered backstab to the torso.
    Tbor is knocked back!

Aella just went through an open green door.
k rek

You swing your two-handed steelwood maul at Rektger!
[3 sec. delay]
The swing nearly fumbles.
>    Rektger is knocked back!
Montis claws at Rektger!
    Rektger is knocked back!
    Rektger is knocked back!
Montis claws again at Rektger!
    Rektger is knocked back!

Orlando readies an eagle hilted steel war-blade.

Varnfair just removed a quiver of barbed steel bolts from within his open large sturdy tanned buckskin satchel.

Tbor winces.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

Tendrils of black energy begin to form before Weaver's hands.

Rektger swings his two-handed emiel gruesome bloodstained tchal-axe at Montis!
The swing is a good blow to the right leg.

Varnfair fires his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow at Nortinaim!
The shot is a well-delivered blow to the left leg.
    His left leg appears to glow for a moment.
ret 5

Tbor says in Monitanian, "81"
You retreat 5 UDs to the rear!
[3 sec. delay]
>
Orlando tends his wounds.
adv rek

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Nortinaim says to Varnfair, "13"
You see Trinnity call out to the god Rinanni.  You see a dove fly above the head of Trinnity.

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.

The tendrils of black energy snake from Weaver's hands and surround Rektger's body, causing bits of his flesh to dissolve right before your very eyes!

Rektger just went through an open green door.
You cannot advance any further!
k rek
>
Weaver just went through an open green door.
I don't see what you are referring to.
>The attack is a strong gouge to the left arm, but is barely blocked by her massive steel tower shield.
Tbor bites at Skylar!
The attack is a strong gouge to the left arm, but is barely blocked by her massive steel tower shield.

Trinnity cackles.

Aceris delivers a series of quick punches to Ward's head!
    Ward is knocked back!
tact
Standing in front of you at 10 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in front of you at 6 UDs, is:
Montis
Standing in front of you at 5 UDs, is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Ungus, Aceris, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Tbor, Smaugus, Skylar
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha
>
 ** Current hit points: 179 out of 253

 ** Current fatigue: 12 out of 90

Orlando tends his wounds.
    Tbor is knocked back!
Montis claws at Tbor!
    Tbor is knocked back!
    Tbor is knocked back!
    Tbor stumbles and falls down!

Tbor just lost consciousness.
Montis claws again at Tbor!
    Tbor is knocked back!

Ungus tends his wounds.

Skylar swings her short twisted bluesteel degan at Tbor!
The swing is a decent blow to the head.

Tbor just died.
adv rek

Jurrel places his hands upon his chest and prays a moment.
You cannot advance any further!
>
Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a terrific blow to the left leg.
    Aceris is knocked back!
    Aceris stumbles and falls down!

Aceris stands up.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Tbor moans.

Montis winces.
adv rek
You cannot advance any further!
>
Varnfair slings his glowing crystalla runed ebony crossbow.

Skylar says, "oops"
l

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Ward but misses.

Varnfair readies a damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon.
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area are Trinnity the Arachnian, Jurrel the Noble Anthian (seated), Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Ungus the Oog-ra (seated), Aceris the Leuian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Varnfair the Fir Elf, Ward the Noble Leuian, Nortinaim the Penthanian (seated), Tbor the Noble Monitanian's lifeless body, Montis the Monitanian, Smaugus the Noble Draco (seated), and Skylar the Noble Thugian.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
tact
>
Trinnity swings her heavily dented steel cell bar at Montis!
The swing barely misses.

Orlando tends his wounds.
Standing in front of you at 10 UDs, is:
Varnfair
Standing in front of you at 6 UDs, is:
Montis
Standing in front of you at 5 UDs, is:
Trinnity, Jurrel, Lauranna, Ungus, Aceris, Orlando, Ward, Nortinaim, Tbor, Smaugus, Skylar
Standing in this rank is:
Hroomha
>Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a terrific blow to the torso.
    Aceris is knocked back!
    Trinnity is knocked back!
Montis claws at Trinnity!
    Trinnity is knocked back!
    Trinnity is knocked back!
Montis claws again at Trinnity!
    Trinnity is knocked back!
Tbor moans 75 claw.
Ungus tends his wounds.
You see Varnfair retreat 5 UDs to the rear!
adv rek
You cannot advance any further!
>
Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a strong blow to the left leg.

Aceris attempts a series of quick punches against Ward but misses.

Varnfair swings his damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon at Nortinaim!
The swing is a good blow to the left arm.
    His left arm appears to glow for a moment.

Skylar just went through an open green door dragging Tbor.

*** GREEN ROOM PLEASE ***

*** GREEN ROOM PLEASE ***

Ward swings his short needle pointed orichalcum punch dagger at Aceris!
The swing is a strong blow to the right arm.

*** GREEN ROOM PLEASE ***

*** GREEN ROOM PLEASE ***

Trinnity just went through an open green door.

Nortinaim stands up.

Montis just went through an open green door.
adv tb

Jurrel stands up.

Lauranna just went through an open green door.

Aceris just went through an open green door.
You cannot advance any further!
>
Varnfair swings his damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon at Nortinaim!
The swing is a decent blow to the right leg.
    His right leg appears to glow for a moment.

Orlando stands up.

Ward just went through an open green door.

Nortinaim just went through an open green door.

Smaugus stands up.
adv 5
You advance another 5 UDs!
>
Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went through an open green door.

Smaugus just went through an open green door.

Jurrel just went through an open green door.
l

Varnfair just went through an open green door.
[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area is Ungus the Oog-ra (seated).
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
go door
>[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian (seated), Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Augatil the Noble Leuian, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Rektger the Noble Arachnian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Aceris the Leuian (seated), Weaver the Go-blin-al, High Lord Jax the Noble Psycian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Centanil the Penthanian, Rawcliffe the Drake, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Ward the Noble Leuian (seated), Nortinaim the Penthanian, Maiz the Drake, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian's lifeless body, Montis the Monitanian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco, Rhyan the Psycian, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Snowball the Leuian, and Aella the Leuian (seated).
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Ward tends his wounds.

Augatil readies a short steel butcher knife.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.

Aceris tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.

Augatil returns his short steel butcher knife.

Nortinaim sits down.

The wall of wind around Nortinaim dissipates.

Ward tends his wounds.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.
l at doo
l through doo
It looks like an open green steelwood door.
>[Center.]

You stand in the middle of the arena. The roar of the crowd is almost deafening and somewhat annoying. A rope hangs down from what appears to be a bridge located above you.  A rope is here.

This area is illuminated.
In the area is Ungus the Oog-ra.
Obvious paths: north* northeast* east* southeast* south* southwest* west* northwest*.
>
Trinnity tends her wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.

Ungus just entered through an open green steelwood door.

Aceris tends his wounds.

Varnfair returns his damaged short bluesteel blood-stained oak bludgeon.

Orlando just placed an eagle hilted steel war-blade within his lightning embossed leather sheath.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.
diag all

  You examine Trinnity the Arachnian...
She has no apparent injuries, but looks ashen and fatigued.
  You examine Jurrel the Anthian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Lauranna the Fir Elf...
She has no apparent injuries, but looks fatigued.
  You examine Noffbrau the Hithual...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Augatil the Leuian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Kalann the Penthanian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.
  You examine Ungus the Oog-ra...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks pale and haggard.
  You examine Rektger the Arachnian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks pale and haggard.
  You examine Mazzar the Penthanian...
She appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Aceris the Leuian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks weakened and haggard.
  You examine Weaver the Go-blin-al...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.
  You examine Jax the Psycian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Orlando the Human...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks weakened and tired.
  You examine Centanil the Penthanian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Rawcliffe the Dragon...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.
  You examine Varnfair the Fir Elf...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks haggard.
  You examine Ward the Leuian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks pale and tired.
  You examine Nortinaim the Penthanian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks pale and haggard.
  You examine Maiz the Dragon...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks fatigued.
  You examine Osire the Hithual...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Tbor the Monitanian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks dead.
  You examine Montis the Monitanian...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks weakened and fatigued.
  You examine Smaugus the Dragon...
He has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.
  You examine Rhyan the Psycian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Skylar the Thugian...
She has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.
  You examine Snowball the Leuian...
He appears to be in perfect health.
  You examine Aella the Leuian...
She has no apparent injuries, but looks tired.

>
Montis tends his wounds.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Aceris tends his wounds.

Orlando removes his coat of arms crested drathain knight's shield.

Centanil just went through an open green steelwood door.

Nortinaim tends his wounds.

Montis tends his wounds.

Ungus sits down.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Aceris tends his wounds.
h
You have no apparent injuries, but look weakened and haggard.

HP: 182/253  Ftg:  16/ 90
>
Flippo reveals himself.

Flippo just went through an open green steelwood door.

Montis tends his wounds.

Trinnity tends her wounds.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Aceris tends his wounds.
who tyv

Deborien just appeared.
Looking for a user with a name beginning with 'tyv'...

Current Adventurers


You notice 0 adventurers.
>
Nortinaim discusses something with the proprietor.

 ** Current hit points: 182 out of 253

 ** Current fatigue: 20 out of 90

Ungus tends his wounds.

Aceris tends his wounds.

Centanil just entered through an open green steelwood door.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Centanil sits down.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Centanil tends his wounds.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Maiz pets the heavy orichalcum reinforced arachnian carapace.

Ungus tends his wounds.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Tbor's ghost says to Jax in Monitanian, "wbc k uvgx n tsc"

Orlando stands up.

The hellfire about Varnfair's body fades away.

Orlando, peering through his fingers, just went south.

Rektger tends his wounds.

Kalann motions his hands over the ground and begins to chant loudly.

Flippo just entered through an open green steelwood door.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.

Tbor grins.

Tbor says in Monitanian, "hmxddl"

Tbor sits up.
report to tyv dead

Montis tends to Rektger's wounds.
Unable to find a Guide or Elder named tyv online.  Routing REPORT normally.
Done.
>
Ungus tends his wounds.

Montis snaps his fingers.

The ground beneath Kalann begins to tremble...

A massive wall of earth rises from the ground before Kalann!
gri
You grin.
>
You are granted restored health and vitality!

Rektger tends his wounds.

Trinnity taps Rhyan.

Nortinaim closes his eyes and utters an ancient incantation.

Ungus tends his wounds.
sal
You salute.
>
Trinnity points up at her head.

Montis tends to Ungus's wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.
h
You appear to be in perfect health.

HP: 253/253  Ftg:  90/ 90
>
Jax asks, "want to do an EMPs?"

Tbor nods.

Montis nods to Jax.

Rawcliffe exclaims, "Yep!"
nod yes to ja
You nod up and down to Jax.
>
Rektger tends his wounds.

Aceris nods.

Jax says, "2 captians"

Montis raises his hand.

Skylar says, "sure"

Maiz says to Jax, "emps is good"

Jax says, "2 captians"

Trinnity raises her hand.
l

A strong gust of wind begins to swirl about Nortinaim...

An invisible barrier of solid air suddenly forms about Nortinaim!
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian (seated), Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Augatil the Noble Leuian, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Ungus the Oog-ra (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Aceris the Leuian (seated), Weaver the Go-blin-al, High Lord Jax the Noble Psycian, Centanil the Penthanian (seated), Rawcliffe the Drake, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Deborien the Noble San Elf, Nortinaim the Penthanian (seated), Maiz the Drake, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Montis the Monitanian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco, Rhyan the Psycian, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Snowball the Leuian, and Aella the Leuian (seated).
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Maiz raises his hand.

Ungus tends his wounds.

Rektger tends his wounds.

Jax says, "I have Montis and Trinnity"

Ungus tends his wounds.

Jax says to Nortinaim, "no extra scroll please"

Trinnity taps Rhyan.

Jax says, "numbers"

Trinnity points up at her head.

Rhyan's head suddenly begins glowing. He touches Trinnity briefly. The glow travels down an arm to his hand. The glow quickly spreads over Trinnity's entire body, then fades away.


Nortinaim asks Jax, "Huh?"

Ungus tends his wounds.

Jax throws an oddly shaped diamond number cube which flies a short distance before hitting the ground.  It then returns, as if to be thrown again.
  ->  98  (total = 98)

Jax says to Montis, "first or 2nd"

Montis hisses 1st.
sk

Skill                     Remain Level
 Blunt Weapons             536    11    
 Berserk Attack            284    5     
 First Aid                 602    7     
 Shield Parry              228    3     
 Sharp Weapons             398    4     
 Identify Gems/Minerals    250    4     
 Spellcasting              152    2     
 Throw Weapons             100    1     
 Pole Weapons              520    5     
 Missile Weapons           152    2     

>
Montis hisses Rawcliffe east.

Jax asks, "anyone not know this game?"

Orlando, courage not lacking, just entered from the south.
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Jax says, "if so, ask your friends"
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Jax says, "its an easy game"
You see Orlando take a drink from his keg of Great Divide special ale.

Ungus raises his hand.

Orlando sits down.

Jax nods to Ungus.

Trinnity mumbles var and jurrel west.

Trinnity mumbles at Varnfair west.
l
[Green room.]

Everything in this room has been colored green. This is where you will wait until it is your time to enter the arena. Food and drink have been placed on the tables to help you pass the time. A door leads into the arena and a portal leads back to the OOC Inn.  A golden archway, an open green steelwood door, a glowing silvery portal, a hugging tree, a hand-carved Oog-ra statue, and a narrow blood-stained cobblestone path are here.

This room is illuminated.
In the room are Trinnity the Arachnian (seated), Jurrel the Noble Anthian, Lauranna the Noble Fir Elf, Noffbrau the Noble Hithual, Augatil the Noble Leuian, Kalann the Noble Penthanian, Ungus the Oog-ra (seated), Rektger the Noble Arachnian (seated), Mazzar the Noble Penthanian, Flippo the Flerian, Aceris the Leuian (seated), Weaver the Go-blin-al, High Lord Jax the Noble Psycian, Orlando the Noble Human (seated), Centanil the Penthanian (seated), Rawcliffe the Drake, Varnfair the Fir Elf, Deborien the Noble San Elf, Nortinaim the Penthanian (seated), Maiz the Drake, Osire the Noble Hithual, Tbor the Noble Monitanian (seated), Montis the Monitanian (seated), Smaugus the Noble Draco, Rhyan the Psycian, Skylar the Noble Thugian, Snowball the Leuian, and Aella the Leuian (seated).
Obvious exits: south* west*.
>
Jax asks Ungus, "did you have a question?"

Jurrel just went through an open green steelwood door.

Jax says to Montis, "keep picking"
k at jax
Huh? I'm not sure that I understand what you mean!
(I will assume you were referring to jax as your target.)
Just as you begin to attack, you suddenly lose all desire to engage in aggression for some reason!
>
Varnfair just went through an open green steelwood door.

Jax smiles.

Ungus says, "I have a friend that is going to help, but I am NEW"
l at jax

Jax looks like a 5'10" standard young light boned, very muscular bodied Psycian.
He has short, wavy, coarse glossy black hair with a goatee, bluish gray eyes, and looks razor-sharp.
He appears to be partying right now.
He can be attacked by other players.
He appears to be in perfect health.
                        Visible Equipment
Some heavy blackened moonsilver armor              (armor)
An enchanted coat of arms mahogany shield          (shield)
A tall black top hat                               (on head)
A pair of black buckled leather shoes              (on feet)
A black tuxedo jacket                              (over armor)
Some black leather pants                           (pants)

He has been bestowed the following title(s):
  High Lord

>
Rawcliffe just went through an open green steelwood door.
