l
[The Royale.]

A short entrance hall provides passage in and out of the exquisite Hotel Royale. A burly Thugian and a tall Monitanian carefully assess everyone as they enter. They prevent any pets from entering and keep out all but the quickest or sneakiest of the riffraff. A narrow passageway leads to the stables.  An open emerald steel door is here.

This room is illuminated.
Obvious exits: south*.
hic
>You reveal yourself!
You hiccup.
l at h
>You find something suitably reflective and gaze into it...

You look like a 8'0" standard adolescent delicate boned, stocky bodied Oog-ra.
You have very long, tied back, kinky chestnut brown fur, with large reddish brown eyes, and look disheveled.
You appear to be loving right now.
You can be attacked by other players.
You appear to be in perfect health.
There is a shining gold emblem affixed to your clothing.

Physical appearance:

You see a large hairy oog-ra standing before you, with old scars covering most of his body

                        Visible Equipment
A wooden club                                      (right hand)
Some worn leather city guardsman armor             (armor)
An ancient jade eyed jackal sigil                  (around neck)
A bone pitch black bearskin berserker's cloak      (over armor)
Some pitch black wool trousers                     (pants)

You have been bestowed the following title(s):
  Noble of the Realm

info
>
You are Hroomha Treefoot, a delicate boned and stocky bodied 30 year old Chaotic Male adolescent Oog-ra.  You are 8'0" and weigh 494 lbs.

HP: 248 of 248  Ftg:  86 of  86  Carry: 186.9 of 768.0 lbs.

 Str   Int   Wis   Dex   Agi   Con   Cha   Wil   Voi   Per   App
Good  Poor  Low   Good  Good  Good  Good  Poor  Low   Good  Aver  

Use: INFO <subject> for more info.
(Valid subjects: RELIGION, MAGICK, LANGUAGES, MARTIALARTS, MONEY, RUNESPELLS, TITLES, DISGUISE, PSIONICS)

stat
>OR:  62  DR: 73  Weap RT: 3 sec  Move Rate: 6/6 UDs  Dam Bonus: Excel/None

You are in the center of the area!

  ::: Equipment Readied :::

  A wooden club.
  Some worn leather city guardsman armor.
  An ancient jade eyed jackal sigil.
  A bone pitch black bearskin berserker's cloak.
  Some pitch black wool trousers.
sk
>
Skill                     Remain Level
 Blunt Weapons             735    10    
 Berserk Attack            161    4     
 First Aid                 479    6     
 Shield Parry              45     1     
 Sharp Weapons             178    2     
 Identify Gems/Minerals    200    2     
 Spellcasting              181    2     

rem clu
>You return your wooden club.
stat
>OR:   6  DR: 37  Weap RT: 10 sec  Move Rate: 6/6 UDs  Dam Bonus: Excel/None

You are in the center of the area!

  ::: Equipment Readied :::

  Some worn leather city guardsman armor.
  An ancient jade eyed jackal sigil.
  A bone pitch black bearskin berserker's cloak.
  Some pitch black wool trousers.
