


The Circle of Honor Bylaws

Revision 2.0 - Dated: 02/09/98
Written by: Kharmen Kilracki and Katylia SaLara
Editted by : ¥ulin Rochelet



Table of Contents

1. Circle of Honor History	
2. Who may join the Circle of Honor	
2.1 Thief Class	
3. Circle of Honor Member Ranks	
3.1 Order of the Body	
3.2 Order of the Mind	
3.3 Order of the Heart	
4. Honorable Quests, the Rite	
4.1 Rite of Passage	
4.2 Rite of Honor	
4.3 Random Quests	
5. Circle of Honor's Advisory Panel	
5.1 Circle Leader	
5.2 Circle Advisor	
5.3 Legal Advisor	
5.4 Financial Advisor	
5.5 Military Advisor	
5.6 Diplomatic Advisor	
5.7 Member Advisor	
5.8 Class Advisor	
6. Circle of Honor Treasury	
7. Peace and War	
7.1 Race vs. Race & Deity vs. Deity Conflicts	
7.2 Circle of Honor, at War	
7.3 Internal Disputes	
8. Circle Gatherings	
8.1 Rules of order for Circle Gatherings	
8.2 Gathering Etiquette	
9. Codes of Honor	



I.Circle of Honor History

The Circle of Honor was started by two Leuians and a Dragon, citizens of Spur, with very different backgrounds, but a single goal. They wanted to unite with others whose commitment to personal achievement and honor mirrored their own. Discouraged by all of the racial tensions and conflicts throughout the realm, and desiring to create a safe haven for honorable individuals, they formed the Circle of Honor. 

The Circle of Honor, unlike many Spurian clans and societies, allows for individuals of any race to join. We should not only be proud of our own personal heritage and traditions, but also be proud of the heritage and traditions of others. By allowing for those who possess honor and strong virtues to participate, the Circle of Honor draws particular strengths and wisdom from each of the known races.

The original members joined together, uniting to not only protect each other, but also to grow and prosper as brothers and sisters. By joining together and drawing on each other's skills and abilities, the members have prospered in Spur. These members continued to honor the Circle by upholding its virtues and presenting a positive image to all those they encountered. Thus, they gave notice to those in the lands that the Circle of Honor upholds a strong commitment to honor and excellence in all aspects of life.

This brings us to the present. The Circle does not permit just anyone to join, because along with the benefits of being a member, there are also a lot of responsibilities. These responsibilities extend not only to the Circle as a whole, but also to those outside of the Circle. By projecting an honorable and respectable image, the reputation of the Circle precedes its members throughout Spur and beyond.

I.Who may join the Circle of Honor

Circle members may be of any race and any class. There are no restrictions regarding religion or the deities that our members worship. The principle component to qualifying for membership is that the individual uphold the beliefs and laws of the Circle of Honor by striving for honor and camaraderie above all else. Proving that they are committed to not only working hard towards the goals and aspirations of the Circle and fellow members, our members should also devote time and energy towards personal prosperity and growth. By working together, each and every member of the Circle can, and will, benefit from being a member.

In order to be accepted into the Circle, one must be sponsored by a current member. The Circle strives for honor, integrity and respect. For this reason the Circle does not accept all of those who petition for membership. A candidate for membership must prove, by his or her actions, that he or she aspires towards the same goals as the Circle of Honor.

If a current member feels that an individual would indeed be a good candidate for membership, then a process known as sponsoring begins. This creates a tremendous responsibility for the member because his or her honor is at stake should the candidate show him or herself to be unwilling to adhere to the values of the Circle. Being sponsored is considered a great honor and should be treated as such.

Once sponsored, the candidate is asked to participate in a Circle expedition. This allows for the current member(s) to see firsthand not only the abilities of the candidate, but also to get to know him or her on a more personal level. The Circle is a family and trust is considered almost as important as honor. If the sponsor feels that the candidate is indeed ready for the task he or she is asked to attend a Circle gathering. At such meetings, a vote is taken by all members and if there are no objections, the candidate will be welcomed and sworn in as a member of the Order of the Body.

A.Thief Class

There has been a lot of debate as to whether or not a member of the Thieves Guild may join the Circle of Honor. One of the major codes of the Circle is that a member will not steal from others. This is a very important consideration and anyone found violating this code will be subject to the penalties accompanied with such an offense (see Codes of Honor).

It is also believed that there are those who joined the Thieves Guild with the intent on utilizing lock picking skills and not the pickpocketing skill so often abused and misused by certain thieves. Many of those who chose this profession with the idea that locks will one day become a major factor in the lands can and often do have a sense of honor and integrity. Those are the members of the Thief Class that we will welcome into the Circle. 

Let it be known that a member of the Thieves Guild is welcome as long as he or she upholds the laws, values, and policies of the Circle of Honor. This also holds true for all other classes throughout the realm.

Note: Any member of the Circle who is a Thief and has been found stealing from others without justification (i.e.- they steal from the member first without prior consent) will be brought before the Advisory Panel for appropriate punishment.

I.Circle of Honor Member Ranks

The Circle of Honor has a hierarchical system of ranks. Each new member is classified as Body. The current system provides the following ranks:

Circle Leader/Advisor    	Circle Leader - works closely with the Panel of Advisors 
Circle Advisor(s)	Panel of elected members overseeing specific duties for the Circle.
Order of the Heart	Devoted members who have achieved honorable status within the Circle.
Order of the Mind	Members in good standing.
Order of the Body	New members.

Rank is determined by a strict series of guidelines that are listed below. By establishing a set of rules on how one's rank is determined, the Circle avoids a number of problems such as claims of favoritism and misunderstandings.

A.Order of the Body

New Member to the Circle of Honor. Must complete the Rite of Passage before any further advancement is allowed. No loans or items are available to Order of the Body members. As a token of acceptance, a ruby dagger is presented to the new member. 


Minimum Skill Requirements: None

A.Order of the Mind

Members who have passed the Rite of Passage and have the minimum required skill levels achieve the 
rank of Mind. The Order of the Mind will possess the largest number of members within the Circle. Loans, limited to paying for training only, are available to these members. Weapons, armor, and other items may also be requested. Finally, a special ring is given to the member as a symbol of their status in the Circle. 

Minimum Skill Requirements: 
Fighting Classes  - 10th  level in a primary weapon skill, and 5th level in a secondary skill.
Clerical Classes (Sword/Hand) - 10th level in a primary weapon skill, and 5th level in Channeling.   
Magick Classes (RuneMage/Heart Clerics) - 10th level in Channeling, and 5th in a secondary skill (any).
Dragons & Psions - 10th in any skill and 5th in any secondary skill.

Note: Fighting classes include Fighters, Barbarians, Foresters, Bards, and Thieves. Dragons while not having any specific class are required to attain a specific level in two skills. 

Once attaining the minimum skills set forth in the Order of the Heart requirements, a member wishing to advance on to the Order of the Heart must complete the Rite of Honor.

A.Order of the Heart

Advancing to the Order of the Heart is valued as a tremendous honor among our Circle. It is also quite an achievement in itself. It is not an easy task, and will require a great deal of skill and ingenuity. Once a member advances to the Order of the Heart they become eligible to run for a seat on the Panel of  Advisors. A special ring is also given to the member as a symbol of their rank within the Circle.

Minimum Requirements:
Fighting Classes  - 15th level in a primary weapon skill, and 8th level in a secondary skill.
Clerical Classes (Sword/Hand) - 15th level in a primary weapon skill, and 8th level in Channeling. 
Magick Classes (RuneMage/Heart Clerics) - 15th level in Channeling, and 8th in a secondary skill.
Dragons & Psions - 15th in any skill and 8th in any secondary skill.

Note: Fighting classes include Fighters, Barbarians, Foresters, Bards, and Thieves. Dragons while not having any specific class are required to attain a specific level in two skills. 

The Order of the Heart receive all of the benefits of  the Circle, including, but perhaps not limited to, unlimited loans (based on current funding of course), weapons and armor, and also magickal artifacts or items that may be in the Circle's treasury. 

I.Honorable Quests, the Rite

The Circle of Honor prides itself on the ingenuity and resourcefulness of its members. Mastering the art of combat, albeit with the strength and power of a weapon, or the magickal art of channeling, is in itself an honorable quest. However, one cannot truly prosper with skills alone. 

In order to advance through the Orders within the Circle, members must prove they can put those skills to good use. Focusing primarily on ones own skill will make one stronger there is no question. But, combining the mastered skills with renaissance spirit and wisdom makes one a true master of not only themselves but their surroundings, no matter what the situation.

It is for this very reason that the Circle of Honor requires specific quests to be completed before advancement within the Orders are possible. Two quests in particular are assigned to those wishing to advance. The Rite of Passage and the Rite of Honor are designed to not only test ones skills , but also his or her ability to intelligently solve any riddles, puzzles, or problems associated with the quest.

A.Rite of Passage

In order to advance from the Order of the Body to the Order of the Mind, a member must complete the Rite of Passage. The Rite of Passage is a random quest assigned by the Circle Advisor. The quest is based on the current skill levels of the participant. Each particular Rite of Passage is different and is assigned with the individual member in mind. 

A.Rite of Honor

In order to advance from the Order of the Mind to the Order of the Heart, a member must complete the Rite of Honor. The Rite of Honor is a specific quest, assigned by the Circle Advisor & Member Advisor.  The quest is considered challenging and the assumption of the Circle Advisor  & Member Advisor will be that the minimum skills of the participant are equal to or greater than the minimum requirement as set forth by the Order of the Heart.

A.Random Quests

From time to time the members of the Circle may be offered a quest to take part in. Participation in random quests is optional. The benefit of accepting such a quest will be a reward or treasure of significant value or wealth upon successful completion of the quest. These quests also provide an opportunity for members to hunt together and work together as a team.

I.Circle of Honor's Advisory Panel 

There are seven different Advisors who assist the Circle and the Circle Leader in organization of the 
Circle of Honor and its activities. These are elected positions. Any Circle member that is Order of the Heart may campaign for an Advisory position. Anyone who wishes to fill one of these positions must make a commitment to perform the duties of the given position. Anyone found not to be performing the given position may be summarily removed by a vote of four of the six paneled advisors. The Circle Leader may veto the decision at which time it will go to a vote of the entire Circle.

A.Circle Advisor

The Circle Advisor is the highest position attainable in the Circle. The Circle Advisor presides over the weekly gathering and works closely with the Panel of Advisors on all issues regarding the Circle.  The Circle Advisor represents the Circle, along with the Diplomatic Advisor, at all non-Circle gatherings and functions; and, has veto power of votes taken by the Panel of Advisors (subject to overall Circle vote.  The Circle Advisor is responsible for the organization and internal affairs of the Circle of Honor. The Circle Advisor maintains the member list; makes minutes of weekly meetings; drafts changes to the Circle Bylaws and policy; and, determines when individual members are eligible for advancement in rank and/or honors.

A.Legal Advisor (Internal and External Disputes)

The Legal Advisor is responsible for knowing the laws of Spur and ensuring compliance by Circle 
members. The Legal Advisor provides information on Circle etiquette and procedures; arbitrates, impartially, any controversy between members; works with Circle Advisor on drafting proposed changes to the Circle Bylaws and/or policy; and, facilitates discussion/dialog when there is a dispute between a member and non-member. 

A.Financial Advisor

The Financial Advisor is responsible for the Circle treasury. The Financial Advisor maintains Circle accounts; keeps records on all financial transactions; receives donations; facilitates loans to members; funds Circle events using the Circle's treasury; maintains the Circle locker with donated items and oversees distribution; and, coordinates all financial matters of the Circle with the Circle Leader and the rest of the Panel. 

A.Military Advisor

The Military Advisor is responsible for advising the Circle on current military tactics. The Military Advisor's duties include advising members on the use of various forms of weapons, recommendation of skills and tactical information; maintaining order during Circle meetings and gatherings; developing plans of battle should the need arise for armed conflict with outside parties; and, forming teams (or units), based on skill strengths, that may be quickly formed in times of war.  The Military Advisor is responsible for the organization of official Circle Hunts.  And finally, the Military Advisor is in command of the Circle Militia.

A.Diplomatic Advisor

The Diplomatic Advisor is responsible for establishing and maintaining relations with other clans and races. The Diplomatic Advisor negotiates with other clans/groups, including treaties and non-aggression pacts; provides information to the Circle regarding all known clans, groups, and societies; and, advises the Panel and members on current events in the lands.

A.Member Advisor

The Member Advisor is responsible for overseeing the recruitment of new members. The Member Advisor maintains a sponsorship list; determines eligibility of new recruits; instruct new members on the policies and traditions of the Circle; and, advises current members on the requirements for sponsoring new applicants.   The Member Advisor is also partially responsible for assigning the Rite of Passage and the Rite of Honor to Circle Members.

I.Circle of Honor Treasury

The Circle treasury, maintained by the Financial Advisor, is how the Circle grows and prospers financially. Members are not required to make donations.  However, donations benefit the Circle and its members as they provide the necessary funding for no-interest loans and Circle events. Donations to the treasury can be anything of value;  Silver, gold, torches, weapons, herbs, and gems are all accepted. Any gem donated will be liquidated to coin currency and placed in the treasury. All other items will be stored in locker(s).

Circle members, depending on their rank, can petition the Financial Advisor for loans, weapons, and other necessary items. Weapons and other items once provided do not have to be returned unless you find no further use for them. Anyone wishing to make donations of any of these types of items may do so to the Circle Leader or Circle Advisors. In addition, the Circle treasury can also be looked to for funding of events that benefit the Circle.

I.Peace and War

The Circle of Honor holds firm a commitment of peace and prosperity to all peoples throughout the lands. Unfortunately, not everyone has the same belief. There will be times when a war may flare up between clans or races, or religious disputes will be used in order to draw blood. In such times of war and confusion the Circle must hold firmly to its beliefs and try to maintain a neutral standing as much as possible.

A.Race vs. Race & Deity vs. Deity Conflicts

One of the toughest situations a member may find him or herself in is a conflict between races and/or deities. It is difficult because every member comes from a different racial and religious background. During such times of pitched battle and chaos it is important for a member to truly test his or her resolve in adhering to the principles of the Circle.

We cannot be drawn into such conflicts simply because we do not believe in them. The Circle of Honor was formed to bring together all races, religions, and classes. It is for this reason that unless a member is actually attacked by another, that he or she does not become involved and let the matters resolve themselves.

A.Circle of Honor, at War

"Woe unto thee who draws upon the wrath of the Circle of Honor!"  - Aldos the merchant

Being a firm believer in peace and prosperity does not make the Circle of Honor timid by any stretch of the imagination. Instead it shows maturity and wisdom in the face of, more often than not, adolescent behavior. While continuing to strive for peace, should any member of the Circle of Honor be attacked without provocation, the Circle of Honor will rise to arms. If peaceful dialog, negotiations, and/or diplomacy fail to ease the tensions then the Circle of Honor will bring war upon the enemy. 

When no alternative resolution to a conflict arises, the Circle of Honor will declare war on any person, entity, or organization it deems as a threat or enemy. The Panel of Advisors becomes a War Council and plans are set forth for strategies and rules for engagement. 

This does not mean however that war will be declared if a single member gets him or herself into a verbal and/or physical battle with a non-member. Such incidents should be handled on an individual basis with a mediator (usually the Legal and/or Diplomatic Advisor) present. The Circle of Honor will not go to war if the instigator to an argument is a current member losing his or her composure. 

If someone steals from a member the member should log the name, send it to the Advisory Panel, and warn the rest of the Circle of this individual. Should the member feel the need to attack and/or kill the person stealing from him or her it should be brought to the Circle's attention first. Then a party may be sent to dispose of the person(s) in question.  The key component to this policy is that we will not be keeping a 'Hit List.'  A warning list will be maintained of anyone who is considered an enemy, threat, or unfriendly to the Circle. It is not a hit list, but a list to help keep all members informed of any possible threats throughout the realm.

Military branch

At times of war, the military branch of the Circle will be sent out.  Any non-military Circle members will be allowed to fight if they wish.  If any member of the Circle is killed without good reason, and the legal/diplomatic advisors are unable to resolve the matter peacefully, swift justice will be initiated and the military branch of the Circle will be dispatched.

*The Circle is a family; if any member is killed, it is your family member that has died, and should be treated as such.  Not with blind vengence, but with fair justice.

Internal Disputes

With an organization as diverse as the Circle of Honor, there will always be the potential for disagreements and/or disputes within its ranks. When this occurs, the two sides are asked to refrain from any physical show of force and to also bring the dispute before the Panel of Advisors. Generally the Legal Advisor will hear both sides impartially and he or she will attempt to offer a resolution. It is hoped that this will never come to pass, but if it should, we have a means to deal with it.


I.Circle Gatherings

The Circle has a Gathering monthly to preserve the sense of unity among its members.  The central purpose of the Gathering is to keep Circle Members apprised of current events in Spur and the Circle's place in such events.  The Gatherings are presided over by the Circle Leader.
 
A.Rules of order for Circle Gatherings

Upon entering the Gathering Place, all Order of the Body members shall retreat 2 UD; all Order of the Mind members shall remain in the center of the room and all Order of the Heart members shall advance 2 UD.  The front of the room is reserved for the Circle Leader and Circle Advisors. All members shall remain seated unless recognized by the Military Advisor.

The Military Advisor shall maintain order during the Gathering, ensuring that all members who wish to be heard are given the opportunity.  The Circle Advisor shall call the Gathering to order and commence with any old business carried over from previous Gatherings.  Only motions or votes dealing with old business shall be dealt with at this time.

The Circle Advisor will then turn the floor over to the other Circle Advisors who will each individually report on current affairs and activities dealing with his or her particular position.  Any matters to be voted on will be raised during the pertinent Advisor's report.  Once all Advisors have given their report, the Circle Advisor shall move on to new business which shall be raised, resolved or carried over to the next Gathering.

Any member wishing to speak on any issue may do so after requesting recognition by raising a paw, claw, tentacle, hand (whatever the case may be) and being recognized by the Military Advisor.  The member will then stand, make his or her comments and when finished, shall return to a seated position.  Once recognized and standing, that member will have the floor until seated.  Other members should show their respect for the speaking member by not interrupting or distracting from the member's comments.  Anyone wishing to respond or debate a point made by a standing member should follow the procedure for being recognized.

In this way, the Gathering will flow smoothly.  The time to conduct the Gathering will be decreased thereby increasing the time members have for self-improvement and Circle advancement.

Anyone wishing to raise new business outside the Gathering may do so with any Circle Advisor at any time.  However, no decisions will be made as to matters involving the Circle without a vote of its members. 

Gathering Etiquette

Circle Gatherings are meant to bring the members together to discuss happenings within the Circle and more broadly, within Spur.  They are also meant to be enjoyed, not looked upon as an obligation and certainly not as a strictly formal function.  Members are encouraged to act as each would among family and friends because that is what the Circle ultimately is, a circle of family and friends.  Any actions during the Gathering, within reason, may be taken.  Please remember, however, that the Gatherings are recorded by the Circle Advisor to be sent out to the membership.  Your actions, both in and out of the Gathering speak for you and your honor.  Please respect your Circle Leader, Advisors and fellow members.


Voting system
Whenever a member of a Circle brings forth a proposition, it is subject to vote by the entire Circle, excluding the Circle leader.  Once the proposal has been passed by the Circle, it is passed on to the Circle Advisor who must then decide to approve or deny the proposal.  Voting by the Circle can be done either by meeting, or by ballot.  In order to reach consensus, a vote on a proposition must have one vote from each advisor, excluding the Circle Advisor.



I.Codes of Honor

Every member of the Circle of Honor must adhere to the following codes. If any code is broken, the offending member must stand before the Panel of Advisors and explain him or herself. A judgment will be made and penalties assigned. Depending on the code, or deed, penalties can range from a fine, loss of rank, or banishment from the Circle. On the other hand, if a member is wrongly accused, and he or she is acquitted of the violation, no penalties are assessed and all honor is restored.

1. No Circle of Honor member will dishonor the Circle by violating its values and laws;
2. No Circle of Honor member will divulge any Circle secrets to non-members;
3. No Circle of Honor member will attack another without provocation;
4. No Circle of Honor member will provoke an attack from another without just cause;
5. No Circle of Honor member will suffer the weak and undefended to be attacked; 
6. No Circle of Honor member will steal;
7. No Circle of Honor member will dishonor him or herself or another.
8. No Circle of Honor member will allow another member to be innocently harmed;
9. No Circle of Honor member will allow another member to die needlessly;
10. No Circle of Honor member will allow another member to suffer when able to help.





TO BE ACCEPTED INTO THE CIRCLE OF HONOR IS TO BECOME A PART OF THE HISTORY OF SPUR.
