THE LEUIAN CHRONICLES OF JHESSAIL JAHANAEL

Upon Commission of the Usil House of Knowledge

Sixth Month, Sixth Day of the Year 93 I arrived in the coastal areas today, in midsummer, and very quickly found a community of Leuians living near the sea. This community is made of more than forty adults and some twenty children of various ages. None seem to speak or understand the Common tongue. This may be more difficult than I had thought.
Sixth Month, Eighth Day

These Leuians are polite and concerned for my welfare, yet they seem indifferent to my attempts to learn about them. For two days have I tried to have these Leuians speak the words for the objects around us. I have gestured and made signs until my hands and fingers feel as if made of iron. They ensure my comfort, but do not address me or touch me. They talk together quietly in the Leuian tongue, making no attempt to aid my understanding.

Sixth Month, Tenth Day

At morningsun, the Leuian whom I think leads this community came to me and, by use of gestures, made me understand I was to leave them and go with two of her people to some unknown place. It has been a day of walking upon soft sands as my two female guides and I travel south along the ocean shore. Many times today, I looked up and caught them staring at me with their fascinating amber eyes - eyes which see as well in darkness as they do in the light.

Sixth Month, Twelfth Day

We still walk by the ocean, but the soft sands have turned into rocky cliffs and stony beaches. I am weary and bruised. I observe my two guides closely...their features still amaze me. Leuians are such physically powerful beings, taller than many other races. I try to discern why nature would leave the face and general form as the humankynd, but cover them with sleek, beautiful fur. Their bodies are strong and agile. Also..there is something peculiar about their tails...

Sixth Month, Thirteenth Day

All morning, my guides' feline ears twitched to and fro atop their heads, as if listening for something or someone. At noonfeast, my guides gestured to me and pointed to the top of the cliffs. They smiled as more Leuians appeared above and began to come down rocky paths to meet our company. There were six of them, four female and two male. At setting sun, we ascended the cliff face and I saw the dwellings of another Leuian community just behind the cliffs in rolling, green grasslands. Tonight, my two guides were honored guests as we sat by firelight and ate the eveningfeast. I hoped to be the object of curiosity, but these Leuians also seem indifferent to my presence. I close this chronicle tonight in frustration and exhaustion.

Sixth Month, Sixteenth Day

This Leuian community is somewhat larger, about one hundred adults and sixty children. Except for a few hours sleep each 'eve and time for eating, there is a Leuian female with me at all times.

Sixth Month, Seventeenth Day

Progress! After noonfeast, as I sat alone near the door of the dwelling in which I am a guest, a male Leuian came to me. In flawless commontongue, he asked if I was comfortable. I would suppose the amazed look upon my face was what made him laugh heartily. He sat with me into the night, explaining that his duty was now to teach me their tongue. He would not answer questions about his people now, saying that I could have answers as I gain fluency in the Leuian tongue. His name is Lormaka. He is very tall and has black fur, like the panthers that sometimes wander into the Spur.

Sixth Month, Eighteenth Day

Lormaka sat with me patiently today, beginning my teaching of Leuiantongue. Already, I have learned that each Leuian community is called a "Pride", and the children are called "kits". Even though they form themselves into Prides, all Leuians everywhere consider themselves part of one whole. They refer to the entire Leuian race as simply "Our People". From what I see in the settlement, Leuians love their kits very much, and are quite fierce in their pride and protection of them. Lormaka tells me it is one of the most dangerous acts possible to harm or attempt to harm a Leuian kit.

Sixth Month, Twentieth Day

Between lessons, I wandered through the settlement today. I did notice the kits are very physical, even the youngest ones. The adults seem to encourage them to be so. Lormaka explained that kits reach the same size and maturity as human children of twelve years in only six cycles of the moon. Also, I begin to see all the work required in daily life is performed by both the male and female Leuians of the Pride. There appears to be no separation of work based upon whether or not the Leuian is male or female. Lormaka is wonderfully patient and kind. He is a good teacher.

Sixth Month, Twenty Fourth Day

The Leuians are very expressive. I watch their treatment of one another and there is much hugging and greeting and smiling. This day, I realized I had been here for eleven days and have seen no scuffles, arguments or disharmony among these people. I asked Lormaka of other greetings, such as the kiss and caress, but he gently told me such actions were customary only between betrothed or lifemates. Lormaka said that kissing or improperly touching the betrothed or lifemate of a Leuian was considered to be one of the highest insults.

Sixth Month, Twenty Sixth Day

Lormaka is happy with my lessons. I can now speak most sentences of everyday greeting, such as "Good morning" and "Good 'eve" and such things. Also, I am able to speak simple requests regarding meals, clothes and the like. When not prepared for battle, these people seem to prefer loose, flowing robes which tie or which have beautiful belts. There are work robes used for daily activities, and which are made from sturdy fabrics. Then, there are also robes for the feasts, and occasions and worship which are made from colorfully dyed, soft fabrics. Each day I walk through the Pride between lessons and see interesting sights. Today, I saw a small group of Leuians in what appeared to be prayer. When I pointed to them and spoke the Leuian word for "What?", Lormaka spoke the Leuian pronunciation for the name "Rinanni". Good Elindale, there is religion here!

Sixth Month, Twenty Seventh Day

Today, I told Lormaka I wished to learn seven new Leuian words. When he gestured to continue, I named each of the commontongue names of the Gods and Goddesses of Spur. Smiling, he repeated the Leuian word for each name..except that of the God Set. He shook his head solemnly and said there was no such word spoken by honorable Leuians. Lormaka said that his Pride did not permit the presence of a Leuian who worshipped Set. I have thought upon this most of the day...and have decided their feeling must stem from the belief that thievery is one of the greatest affronts to honor.

Sixth Month, Twenty Ninth Day

This day, Lormaka began teaching me Leuian words and meanings for beliefs and emotions, such as "love", "anger", "honor" and such. Honor appears to be the most important belief of the Leuian people. Nearly everything they do is part of their honor. I begin to see that the belief Leuians are a hot-tempered people truly comes from their sense of justice. Wrongs must be righted without delay, and an affront to their honor is taken as seriously as a physical assault.

Sixth Month, Thirtieth Day

Before the morningfeast, I thought again upon Set-worship, and did decide to query Lormaka further. In the morning lesson, I asked Lormaka if the Leuians of the Pride shared their belongings in common. He gestured for me to follow and walked with me to the settlement's council chamber. He told me in Leuiantongue the chamber belonged to all the Leuians. On the way back, Lormaka gestured to many other dwellings and belongings but called out a Leuian name as he pointed to each. I understood. All possessions and lands except the meeting place belong to individual Leuians. Lormaka said to me that right of ownership is one of the Leuian's most sacred laws.

Seventh Month, Second Day

As I close the chronicles this 'eve, my heart is distressed, as Lormaka became very angry with me at this eveningfeast. Unknowingly did I offend him by playfully grasping his tail. He quickly jumped from the table, sending the eating bowls crashing to the floor. All the Leuians at table halted their meal and eyed me with a certain suspicious stare. My teacher told me in commontongue to follow him outside the home in which we were eating. Once there, he sternly told me that the tail of a Leuian is very sensitive, and is not casually touched by anyone. I felt it better to let my lingering questions pass.

Seventh Month, Third Day

The story of the matter at eveningfeast has been told all over the Pride. I know this because the femalekynd have not taken their eyes from me all this day. Yet, near eveningfeast, the lifemate of the settlement's leader came to me and comforted me. She told me to worry not, that it was difficult to learn strange ways.

Seventh Month, Fifth Day

Lormaka returned today, and taught me concerning the Khatyr and the Clawmasters. These are high offices of leadership in the Pride. The Clawmasters are the Pride's council of elders, chosen by the vote of all the grown khatkynd in the Pride. The Khatyr is the Pride's leader, and is chosen by the Clawmasters, or elders, from among their own. To be a Clawmaster is a very great honor, as great as to become Khatyr. The Clawmasters teach the kits concerning the ways of honor and of a warrior's skills. If the People are asked to go to war or to accept a peace, it may be done so only upon agreement among all the Clawmasters. I asked Lormaka if any femalekynd serve as such leaders. He smiled and said to me many Clawmasters were femalekynd, and some Khatyrs, as well. Lormaka said that all Leuians are judged only upon their honor, wisdom, accomplishment and courage.. whether malekynd or femalekynd. This equality between malekynd and femalekynd is most unusual among all the races.

Seventh Month, Tenth Day

Despite all the stories I heard as a child, today I saw kits sitting in the forest reading a tome! I asked Lormaka of this, and he replied that most Leuians could read and write quite well, and many understood the science of numbers, and the ways of the land, water, wind and animals about us. My face must have shown my disbelief, as Lormaka took my hand and gently led me to where the kits sat reading to one another. Their text was concerning the proper way to trade and to keep account of their dealings. In amazement did I realize that the tome used by the kits was written in a script unlike any I had ever seen. Before my query could pass my lips, Lormaka smiled and nodded, saying the tome was written down in Leuian. This did amaze me greatly, and I have thought upon it all evening and into this night.

Seventh Month, Eleventh Day

I asked Lormaka why many believe the Leuians to be a plain and uneducated people, when it appeared they were quite educated and full of knowledge. He explained that, since the Leuians mostly stayed to themselves, other races made up simple tales concerning his people. He shrugged and said it really mattered not to the Leuian People what others thought of them. He smiled and left my mind swirling.

This evening, he brought to me a small tome. I opened it and, lo, there was a commontongue text which explained the Leuian glyphs and how to read them. Lormaka told me it was not enough to speak Leuian, but I must begin to learn to read and write it, also. I hugged him tightly, and he smiled.

Seventh Month, Fourteenth Day

I am upon my third day learning the Leuian glyphs. This 'eve, there was a stir in the settlement as a Leuian femalekynd named Lymaia gave birth to a little malekynd kit. Newborn kits are taken before the Clawmasters who accept it into the Pride on behalf of the People. I asked Lormaka why this was done, and he said to me the Clawmasters are making a promise to the parents that, should some ill befall them, the kit shall not be orphaned but shall be cared for by their brothers and sisters.

After the acceptance words are spoken, the fatherkynd and motherkynd come forward and take the kit back into their arms and a big celebration will follow. At the celebration, the motherkynd announces the name of her kit. Lormaka tells me only a Leuian mother is able to give a name for her kit. Allowing her this right is to honor her labors in bringing the kit to life. These customs are, indeed, quite wonderful.

Seventh Month, Sixteenth Day

This day was a puzzlement. A company of Leuians passed through the settlement area and stopped for water and rest. During the noonfeast, one said that next moon they were to set sail for the Leuian homeland. I heard stories of such a place while while under the Usil masterteachers, but none knew much knowledge concerning it. I asked Lormaka where the homeland lay. He whispered to me that I would not gain such knowledge from a Leuian. This did upset me greatly, that a secret would be held from me after all this time.

Seventh Month, Seventeenth Day

This day, I asked Lormaka why he spent such time with me to teach me all the knowledge I had learned. He said to me that I was the first to come with an honorable desire to learn. He told me of a Leuian Priestess who had brought the religion of Rinanni to the Leuians of the coastlands. Her name was Arrya. Arrya taught that any who come to the Pride seeking to learn the Leuian way, if their heart is pure and honor plain, should be provided with such teaching. "Blood alone doth not a Leuian make." was one of her favorite teachings. I continue to study the Leuian glyphs very hard, and my Leuian speech becomes more skilled each day.

Seventh Month, Eighteenth Day

After eveningfeast, Lormaka came to me and requested my presence at a special gathering. The malekynd Muragi and femalekynd Cirra had announced their vows as lifemates, and the Pride now surrounded them with song and celebration. I asked Lormaka where was the Priestess to perform the marriage rite? He said to me that Leuians,usually make their vows to each other in private and later announce them to the Pride. This comes after a period of betrothal and at a time chosen by only the couple. More questions came from me like a fountain, but Lormaka asked me to simply enjoy the celebration and he would explain these customs to me on the 'morrow. What a celebration was there! First, there was a big feast of many foods prepared by the friends and family of Muragi and Cirra. Afterward, the couple sat in the center of council chamber, their brothers and sisters ringed about them. One by one, members of the Pride came to them and offered them blessings and wishes, each from his or her own heart. At the end, there was much storytelling, and singing of Leuian songs and dancing. Many of the Pride stayed until the sunrise, although Muragi and Cirra left quietly for their dwelling sometime during the 'eve. I close the chronicle just before dawn with happiness in my heart for them.

Seventh Month, Nineteenth Day

Lormaki told me today, between glyph lessons, concerning the betrothal custom of the Leuian People. It is called the "Custom of the One Moon" and is very ancient. This custom may be begun by either malekynd or femalekynd, as it is considered most proper for a femalekynd to approach a malekynd chosen as a lifemate. When a Leuian asks another to become his or her lifemate, the Leuian takes a special gift to the intended. The gift may be anything. Some Leuians offer ornamentation and jewelry..others offer a very special personal item of great sentimental value. The gift is offered with a request to pledge as lifemates. The intended takes the gift to safekeep for a time equal to one moon, and looks into his or her heart to find the answer, knowing it is a pledge beyond death, as divorce is totally unknown in Leuian culture, and another lifemate is never taken even after the death of one's lifemate. If at the end of the one moon the intended returns the gift, he or she has decided not to become the lifemate of the offeror. There is no dishonor or shame in this. If the intended keeps the gift, the couple has pledged to become lifemates. The couple privately says the formal marriage vow and contract between them at a time and place of their choosing. I asked Lormaka if any Leuians received marriage by the Temples. He didst say that most Leuian marriages take place first by the private vows. Later, many may choose to have Temple rites, as well, but these rites be considered more of a blessing than a marriage rite. Lormaka didst say this is the Leuian way, as no Temple or civil authority can forge a Leuian marriage bond greater than that forged by their own honorable word to one another. I have much to think on this 'eve.

Seventh Month, Twenty-Second Day

This morning I was very much confused, and during glyph lessons Lormaka asked my troubles. I asked him of something I had seen before morningfeast. While waiting for Lormaka, an Anthian malekynd came into the settlement and went to the dwelling place of Kuri, a femalekynd. Kuri came to her archway and smiled warmly, embracing the Anthian and kissing him gently. She waved to me as they disappeared into the dwelling. With his kind smile, Lormaka told me that Kuri and the Anthian were lifemates, and had been so for two sets of seasons. He reminded me of Arrya's teaching. Lormaka said there are times when other races become part of the Pride. It is the Leuian way to accept them as a blood Leuian, yet only if the other kynd renounces all other ways except that of the Leuian People. This renouncement must happen before the Clawmasters themselves. The Anthian had done this because of his love for Kuri, and lived as honorably as any Leuian of the Pride. Lormaka said this was not a common thing, as most races cannot live the Leuian way.

Seventh Month Thirty-First Day

Today I didst see a curious sight as I walked in the cool forest. Therein, I saw a Leuian couple curled together in the leaves of the forest floor, tails entwined, in complete silence. I softly retraced my steps, not wishing to disturb their slumber.

Eighth Month, First Day

I mentioned to my teacher the sight in the forest. He explained that a Leuian's tail is very sensitive (how well I remember!), but the sensitivity is primarily in emotions and thoughts, nearly telepathic in nature. He said that lifemates often entwine in this fashion as an "interweaving of souls," a close mental, emotional and spiritual bond. He didst say it refreshed and cleansed the spirits of lifemates and brought them closer together. I did have more questions, but Lormaka said he could not explain more, as the interweaving was a very special knowledge which is taught from generation to generation, from Leuian to Leuian. There is no written word concerning it, and it is considered quite unseemly to speak of it publicly. I could not concentrate upon my glyph lessons this day, after hearing Lormaka's words.

Eighth Month, Fourth Day

Today, Lormaka took me into the forest to the place where the kits train their bodies in combat and their hearts in honor. The Clawmasters seem to allow little room for error in either training. I told Lormaka that their treatment distressed me, but he smiled gently and didst say that the Clawmasters loved the kits as their own, and only sought to ensure the future wellbeing of them, in body as well as soul. At eveningfeast, I looked up thrice and caught Lormaka staring at me with a look I had not seen before.

Eighth Month, Seventh Day

This day I was permitted to worship with the Leuians who follow Elindale, yet it was much different than any worship of Elindale these eyes have seen. I begin to see the Leuian worshipers have fit Elindale's religion to their own codes of honor and behaviors as opposed to the reverse. I could not help but chuckle at the irritations these wonderful worshipers would cause the ordered priests and priestesses of Elindale's Temple in the Spur. Their unorthodoxy would drive the Temple puffins to despair!

Eighth Month, Tenth Day

The Pride is in great sorrow. One named Puraffa has lost his life in the forests near the settlement, having fallen from the swords wielded by a passing band of thieves. Even though death is absent in the world, there are times when the dead do not resurrect, and the spirit remains departed from the living. It is said by some of the religious in the settlement that some Leuians cannot resist the beauty of what is found on the other side, whether it be Rinanni's Portal or the House of Odarous. Others say a flaw in magick allows death to claim a Leuian from time to time. Whichever the case may be, Lormaka was close friend to Puraffa, so he could not teach me this day. Instead, he and other of Puraffa's friends spent the day preparing Puraffa's body for the Rite of Release.

Eighth Month, Eleventh Day

As the sun neared the end of its daily journey this 'eve, those who knew and loved Puraffa went into the forest..to a special glade. There, upon a large, flat stone, was the body of Puraffa. His leather armor gleamed from special oils...his crossbow upon his chest and covered by once strong arms. All about the stonework was laid large braided wreaths of elwyn grasses, and dried herbs of many kinds. The assembled Leuians ringed the great stone and each was allowed to say words regarding the life of Puraffa. Each spoke from the heart. I looked about, but did not see the lifemate of Puraffa, and whispered so to Lormaka. Lormaka took my hand into his paw and squeezed softly. He did not reply. When all who wished had spoken their hearts, the Khatyr set the herbs and elwyn grasses ablaze. There was a quick and powerful flame which took Puraffa's form to smoke and scattered his essence upon the winds. Upon our return to the settlement, Lormaka sat in the doorway of my dwelling and stared at the stars for all that 'eve...until the morningsun appeared.

Eighth Month, Twelfth Day

As I sat with others at morningfeast, the lifemate of the Khatyr came to us and didst say that Janee had joined Puraffa during the night. I queried as to whether the lifemate of Puraffa had been ill, and had that been the reason of her absence in the glade. The lifemate of the Khatyr nodded to me and murmured that yes, Janee had been ill-- from a heart sick with grief. The others simply looked downward with saddened face, but none seemed dismayed. Seeing my confusion, the lifemate of the Khatyr whispered to me that it was very common for this to happen. Janee had not "taken" her own life, but her lifeforce had simply failed her after the death of her lifemate. Such love exists between the bonded couples here! Never have I heard of such devotion.

Eighth Month, Eighteenth Day

Upon the setting sun, Lormaka came to my dwelling and told me we were to go to the Khatyr without delay. Curiously, I followed him. The Khatyr did tell us that he had received request from another Leuian community for me to come and live with them. He asked if I wished to go, as my will was free in the matter. I looked to Lormaka for counsel, but his face showed no sign. For the first time, I didst feel as if I belonged in this place, as my heart was heavy at the thought of leaving this community. I must pray to Elindale for guidance in this.

Eighth Month, Nineteenth Day

If I am to learn as much of the Leuians as possible, I should travel to this community. Such a chance may not come again. And yet. I asked if Lormaka could be made my guide to this new home. Lormaka turned to me with a smile, but the Khatyr slowly shook his head that such could not be. Gently he explained that Lormaka was to leave soon to take a special parchment and a precious artifact to a Leuian teacher who lived in the Spur. I would suppose the sadness in my face was most evident, as the Khatyr looked into my face and told me Lormaka would be permitted to join me in the new community upon his return.

Eighth Month, Twentieth Day

I asked Lormaka for what purpose did he travel to Spur. He gently explained that for many cycles of the moon, the Prides of the coastlands had sent teachers to different parts of the world to help the Leuians of the cities remember the old ways and customs. He didst say that the Spur was a most dangerous place, and that some crisis had arisen for the Leuians there. He was to take something to the teacher as quickly as possible, but he knew not what it was. I sensed this journey involved some danger, and I now worry for Lormaka each of my waking hours.

Eighth Month, Twenty-Second Day

The two days previous have been most full of activity, as I have had many visitations and have made many farewells.

Eighth Month, Twenty-Fourth Day

Just after noonfeast, the whole settlement suddenly buzzed as a hive of bees as a great horn was heard coming from the seashore. Beginning with the kits, the community rushed toward the rocky ledges. I ran quickly and, looking down from the high cliffs, could hardly believe the sight which filled by eyes. Ships. Leuian ships! There were three of them, long ships with oars pointed proudly to the sky on either side. From two masts flowed colorful sails, and I turned to Lormaka in amazement. He smiled and touched my shoulder..saying that the Leuian people were very accomplished sailors and had sailed and traded the world.

Soon the Leuian company aboard anchored their proud ships and began coming ashore. Their leather armor shone in the sea spray as they greeted the splashing kits in the shallow water, giving to each a small gift from foreign lands. The sailors were honored this 'eve at the eveningfeast, and there was much laughing, singing, dancing and the telling of tales from far away places. As he walked me to my dwelling, Lormaka told me on the morrow I shall be taken by one of the ships for many days up to the northern coast. From there, a company of Leuians shall take me by horse to the mountain families of the Leuians in this land. Lormaka hugged me and told me to be well during my continued search, then was gone quickly.

I close the chronicle late in the night, my hands trembling at the thought of the journey ahead.

Eighth Month, Twenty Fifth Day

I stood upon the bow of the long ship, desiring to maintain my dignity as it backed away from the stony beaches. Behind me, Leuian sailors dropped their skilled oars and began to turn the ship to sail along the shoreline. The wind blew through my hair and my cape as I watched Lormaka silently walk his horse along the seashore...keeping pace with the ship. He rode as far as he could before our ship turned out to sea and he could see me no more.

Eighth Month, Twenty Sixth Day

The ship is quiet, as is the wind. I scribe by the light of a small candle. Never shall I forget Lormaka's face yestermorn as our ship passed a rock point upon the shoreline, and he halted upon it, able to go no further. Though the wind is quiet, the helmswoman is alert. She is able to move our ship northward on only the slightest of breezes. Patiently, she showed me to steer by the constellation the Leuians call the "Circle of the Promise", or sometimes, simply "Rinanni's Circle". In our portion of the world, it is in the northeast during the first hours of night. I lay upon the bow of the ship in cool breezes, looking upward into the night skies.

Eighth Month, Twenty-Seventh Day

Before dawn, the Shipmistress and company awoke to prepare for a day of difficult sailing. We are no longer able to see the coastlands north of Spur. The wind is much stronger and the currents more powerful. A strong and lithe Leuianess, she sat with me upon the bow, eating morningfeast. I thanked her for the kindness of her helmswoman, and her teaching me of the stars. She smiled and queried if the helmswoman had also spoken of the ancient Tale of the Circle. Upon seeing I was unaware of this Tale, she shared with me...

It concerned the time of the mysterious arrival in their homeland of Arrya the Priestess. Arrya is revered by the Leuians, a gentle cleric who brought the religion of Rinannism to their people. It is said the then Khatyr of Leuia was the first to embrace Rinanni's ways. Yet, soon after, a tragedy fell upon his house. His lifemate was lost upon the coastal reefs of Leuia as she sailed the southwestern passage.

The Khatyr Jalaka's new faith was battered. He wandered the seaside cliffs for days upon days, looking seaward, neither taking food or closing his eyes in sleep. Then the Tale turns, and it is said Rinanni herself appeared to Jalaka. At Her side were the Seraphs which do her bidding upon this plane, foremost being the Selena. The tale speaks of Rinanni querying the distraught Khatyr if it were not the belief and custom of his people that the loving bond of lifemates survived even death. Kneeling upon the rocky crags of Leuia's cliffs, the Khatyr proclaimed again his everlasting vow to his lifemate.

It is said Rinanni was so moved by the depths of his binding, deep love, She caused the Selena to set four of the five stars of the Circle of Promise in the night skies before his very eyes. Selena spoke to Jalaka, saying four of the stars were for the passages of every Leuian life: birth, troth, first kit and death. Smiling down upon the griefstricken Khatyr, Rinanni then touched the night sky Herself with gentle hand, and the brightest star of the Circle ignited in shimmering blue-white. This fifth star signified Her promise that lifemates shall always see one another again in the Otherworld.

I have discovered the Leuian people hold dear many such tales as this one, and faithfully pass them from generation to generation.

Eighth Month, Twenty-Ninth Day

For four days have we sailed, and there is no land upon any horizon. I am able to apply the new skills graciously taught me each night by the helmswoman. We now sail northeast, rather than north.

Eighth Month, Thirtieth Day

Elindale be praised, for land was seen from our port side all this day. We sail eastward now, through very strong currents. At times, the ship's company must put oars to the task. The Shipmistress urged me to sleep after eveningfeast for we would be arising long before dawn. She appears burdened with worry, though I know not for what cause.

Eighth Month, Thirty-First Day

The seafaring skill of the Leuians who navigate the oceans of our world is surely proven. Perhaps three candlemarks before the sunrise, all were awakened and told to prepare our vessel for rough seas. Soon I was to understand. I had believed our ship to be mistress of the waters, but no more, for my eyes have now seen the furies of a place the Shipmistress called Karasanda's Passage. It is truly a hellish place, of many reefs and waves taller than many ship masts. The wind screams as a wounded demon and dark clouds cover the skies. Alas, three Leuian souls were lost to the Otherworld during our passage. I pray Elindale my scribe is legible, my hands shake so at the remembrance of this day.

Ninth Month, Second Day

Much calmer seas prevail now, and we sail northward again with coastlands sighted at all times. The Shipmistress watches those lands intently, speaking of rumors it is the land of the San Elf. One of the ships company, a kindly Leuian who prepares our feasts each day, teaches me the Leuian calendar. It is quite logical and fascinating. There are many days of celebration and holiness. He told me his people have a holy day set aside for all religions. Mischievously, I queried him as to which day of the calendar was set aside for the holy day of Set. With a scowl he took leave of me, muttering a Leuian word "lakar ", which I did not understand. The Shipmistress chuckled when I inquired of her, as the commontongue word most resembling it in meaning is the word "outrace".

Ninth Month, Fifth Day

Judging from the rising and setting of the sun, our vessel has sailed far north of those lands known to fall within any influence of Spur.

Ninth Month, Sixth Day

A great excitement rushed through the ship's company this day, for a mystery was seen. Startled, we watched as four, gleaming white ships appeared but for a moment on the horizon. The Shipmistress spoke of many such sightings upon the oceans in recent moons. She nor any other ship's company possessed more than a glimpse of these strange vessels, and none had ever been able to determine the origins of those aboard them. All who had made such attempts marveled at the fleetness of the strange vessels, which moved as gracefully through the winds as a falcon.

Ninth Month, Seventh Day

I handsomely complimented the dish of goats cheese and sausages prepared by the old Leuian for our noonfeast, and he has forgiven my impertinent question from three days previous. The Shipmistress warns me I shall likely leave her vessel on the morrow.

Ninth Month, Eighth Day

After the setting sun, our Shipmistress turned the vessel to flow with the tides moving toward the shoreline and thereupon anchored. Seeing my puzzlement, she told me these lands were newly settled by Leuians, and there were many dangerous outraces and wild creatures about. She awaited a signal from comrades ashore, which soon came... an amethyst-colored trail from an arrow fired high into the night sky.

Leaping into cool waters, our company waded cautiously through the waves and set foot upon the beach. Awaiting us there were four Leuian males who were quite delighted at the sight of the Shipmistress. Lords and ladies, they sat upon the largest horses ever seen by these eyes! One of the Leuians gestured from me to yet another of the beasts which had no rider. With some apprehension I mounted this creature, which are called X'cha. He smiled at my hesitation.

The Shipmistress introduced him to me as Surkaran Stonepaw, whereupon, ending amenities, she bade me farewell, and returned through the moonlit waves to her vessel. With fond heart, I watched the longship glide silently into the night. Soon, we rode quietly into vast forestlands down trails I could not even see. Yet, my new guides seemed to know exactly where we traveled at all times. Remembering a healer's trick taught by Erin Arescain, I scribe tonight by use of a very tiny fire dart which just lights the page.

Ninth Month, Ninth Day

These are not simple forestlands through which we journey. I am unsure as to whether my guides know of these unseen energies. There are tremendous forces of magick which run deep in this place. I feel the powers of the land surrounding us at all times. Surkaran speaks that we journey deep into the forestlands, which they call the Ramshakas. The riding is most difficult, for there is lush and dense plant life everywhere. Yet, the canopies of branches and leaves above us are quietly beautiful to behold.

A portion of the trees are of fifteen Usil-heights or higher. All day we have ridden slowly and warily. I cannot guess what dangers would lurk in such beauty, but my guides are vigilant. Surkaran tells me I shall stay with these Leuians for a time, and will then be guided to the mountain Pride before winter.

Ninth Month, Tenth Day

At morningfeast, I queried Surkaran, saying his Pride must be hardy indeed to tame and live within such a wild place as these Ramshakas. His eyes sparkled in laughter, and he told me many of his brothers and sisters were anything but of the hardier Leuian cull. Most were engaged in the scholarly pursuits. This amazed me greatly, for though I knew the Leuian people to be considerably more learned than most thought, never would I have thought to see scholars such as the kynd known among the Usilin.

Surkaran sensed my thoughts, saying, indeed, in the home isle, there were imposing schools for the learning of many Leuian arts. I queried him as to why Leuian mages would come to this place. Turning his face away, he spoke briefly of their hunting of ancient artifacts. It seemed he did not wish to speak upon the matter further. Whereon, I laid my further questioning aside.

Ninth Month, Twelfth Day

There is little to scribe, except of an accursed rain which has fallen upon us for these previous two days' travel. Both day and night, the forest is almost unbearably warm, though the sun reaches few places here upon its floor. My guides say little, and the hours upon the beasts are plodding, wet and of abject boredom.

Ninth Month, Fifteenth Day

Elindale be praised! This day we reached the dwelling place of the Leuian Pride in the Ramshakas, though, my reception was very unlike the one in the coastlands. It seems everyone here knows of me. Eveningfeast was held in my honor. Surkaran's lifemate, Aikyra, blessed me by preparing Usilin dishes. Oh, how long it has been since I have tasted the food of our own people! I gorged until nearly asleep. Proven true this night were the Leuian traditions regarding strangers. Those who come to the Leuian people with open hearts and honor are received with polite hospitality.

Ninth Month, Sixteenth Day

This Pride makes its home in the high canopy, upon platforms of hewn hardwoods and thatched roofs. I discover this idea to be most delightful, for it is much cooler within the treetops of the forest and I sleep well, caressed by breezes. I hear the X'cha beasts playing in their makeshift stable and chuckle that such innocent sounds could arise from such animals of fearsome appearance.

Ninth Month, Seventeenth Day

I observe perhaps a score of adult Leuians in this place, but no kits of less than twelve summers age. Aikyra tells me the young kits are with families in Leuia. Smiling, she reminds me the Leuian will never knowingly allow a kit into danger, even if he or she must forfeit life to protect a little from harm. Truly, then, there must be more danger here than I suspected for this Pride to forgo its kits... and their reason for abiding here more important. It was then I remembered the words of some female Leuians living in Spur, and how they fiercely declared their firstborns would not enter life within Spur. Those who felt so, journeyed to Leuia for the birthing of their kits.

Ninth Month, Twenty Third Day

I have watched this Pride in fascination. Their tasks are backbreaking. Many are the sites in the nearby forest where Leuians carefully search for long buried objects. Surkaran is unquestionably the Khatyr, though no one has spoken such a title in his presence. I queried Surkaran of this. He simply said the others follow him because they wish to do so, not because he carries the title of Khatyr. Then, it were as if a passionate fire took hold of his soul. Surkaran warned true power flows only from those who wish to follow and not the one who leads. A Clawmaster serves as steadily and nourishingly as a river, holding and channeling the waters of love and respect given freely by those who follow. His voice low, Surkaran declared a true leader is not intolerant, and shall never force others to his personal will. Those who do are not leaders, he rebuked, but tyrants. As I laid upon my pallet in high canopy, I sense his words are true not only for his people, but for others also. Fondly, I remember the dragon known as Rime, and how his aura of kind and steady leadership among the dragonkynd prove Surkaran's words.

Ninth Month, Twenty Fifth Day

This day I was asked to help unearth an artifact within a digging pit nearest the Pride's living place. All day, we worked in smothering heat. Beside me was a female Leuian scholar, Cara. Her duty to this Pride is Lawmistress, an office most closely known to Usilins as "judge". My astonishment was so great that a duty such as this would exist among such an ordered and honorable people, I suspected there was failure of my translation properly from Leuiantongue to Commontongue. I raised not the questions wandering in my thoughts, though, preferring for a time this occasional pleasure of physical exertion. Alas, I fear I have become physically deficient during my journeys.

Ninth Month, Twenty Seventh Day

Two days have I worked beside Cara in the digging pit, and was no longer able to still my burning questions. I queried her as to why an ordered people would have need of what the Usilins know as judges. As we dug, Cara patiently corrected my ignorance, saying all peoples have need of her office, in diverse form, for there is no such thing as a perfect people. She spoke of the office of Lawmaster or Lawmistress as dating through the centuries to the founding of the home isle itself. Of that time, there was a dire need of precepts to smooth the everyday life of her people. With this revelation, the shape of the Leuian world is changed for me.

Ninth Month, Twenty Eighth Day

During noonfeast I queried Cara, asking to be taught the Leuian precepts of which she had spoken. Laughing musically, Cara touched my shoulder, saying that such should not and must not be done hurriedly... and certainly not in the midst of a digging pit. Yet, she promised when our duty was done there, and rest days were forthcoming, she would teach me. It was no longer difficult to return to the digging pit, with such a prize awaiting me.

Ninth Month, Thirtieth Day

This day there was great excitement in the digging pit, as we unearthed the artifact for which the scholars had searched in this area... a most bizarre object, of a quicksilver coloring. Disc shaped, an inscription in an unknown scribe circled its circumference, which was about an arm length. Within its center was a very large and beautiful opal stone. The artifact was encrusted with mud and root parts. Even so, a celestial radiance awaited to shine through once again. Those of us in the pit were awed by its undertones of power. Surkaran hugged us all, and spoke of a task completed well. The artifact was taken for study by two mages and we thereupon bathed together in a nearby river. At last, the following four days are now ours for resting.

Continued......
