Tenth Month, Second Day

For the morn hours. After noonfeast, Cara began her teaching of me in the Leuian Precepts. There are seven....

The First Precept - "Remain a Free People"

The Second Precept - "Deal With One Another In Honor and Truth"

The Third Precept - "No Leuian Shall Spill Innocent Blood"

The Fourth Precept - "Leuian Shall Not Kill Leuian"

The Fifth Precept - "Honor Demands No Unjust Punishments"

The Sixth Precept - "Cherish the Land" The Seventh Precept - "Embrace Diversity"

Cara began her gentle teaching with the highest precept, "Remain a Free People". Passionately, she declared none of the other precepts had practical meaning if the people were ruled by a tyrant... whether outrace or not. I didst understand this immediately and recognized the wisdom of it. She looked upon me with somber amber eyes and told frightening tales concerning the wars before Leuia's founding, whereupon she asked me to contemplate the First Precept with open heart.. counting the cost of submission to it. This I did, embraced by the leaves in the high canopy, far into the night.

Tenth Month, Third Day

This day, Cara taught me of the Second Precept, being the cornerstone of relations among all Leuians. Cara spoke of the Precept as a cleansing one, eliminating many ills which beset other peoples. Leuians were not to lie, steal or otherways defraud one another. They were not to falsely accuse or misrepresent events. Yet, the importance of the Second Precept did not fall only among the Leuian people, but for their relations with other peoples, also. For it is due to this precept that Leuians are known to be honorable throughout our world. The Leuian's word is true, and they are known as honest traders. I queried her as to circumstances where there is a dispute of fact or event between Leuians. Cara spoke humbly, saying her people demand such a dispute be settled by laying it before the pride's Lawmaster or Lawmistress, who shall then determine the truth of the facts at paw. It is upon this judgment of the truth which the Clawmasters shall consider the deeds which must be performed to bring the dispute to an end.

Tenth Month, Fourth Day

In the morn hours, Cara discoursed upon the Third Precept, "No Leuian Shall Spill Innocent Blood". She spoke of a time before the home isle, when Leuians were no more than savage bands of wandering marauders, whose passions for bloodletting led to unspeakable crimes against other peoples and Leuians alike. Following, there were years of anarchy upon the home isle itself. Those whose lusted for violence warred with those who sought a higher calling for the Leuian people. Finally, upon the mesa-like peak in Leuia her people now call Mt. Arrya, the forces of the bloodlust were vanquished by those who followed Jalaka. Victorious, Jalaka declared a new dawn had come to their people, and never again would Leuians raise a paw against innocents..wether outrace or not. After eveningfeast, I further queried Cara as to the meaning of "innocents". She spoke of carefully discerning between obvious circumstance and those in the twilight. Those who had no portion of a quarrel or were unarmed, are "innocents" by circumstance. Of other events, requiring discernment, she spoke of an ancient conflagration between Leuian mages and those of a barbarian clan. The barbarians fortified themselves within a walled city of another people. The Leuian mages would not spellcast against the city as the innocents within would have been brought to harm. Had the unarmed inhabitants aided the barbarians in their violence, the Leuian mages would have spellcast against the city. Cara smiled knowingly as I observed the difficulty of living with such a precept, given as there are many events in the twilight, requiring careful examination. Still, it appears her people have determined its value in honor far outweighs its disadvantages in practice.

Tenth Month, Fifth Day

Cara declared the Fourth Precept, "Leuian Shall Not Kill Leuian", was added to the law from Arrya's teachings. She admonished a Leuian shall not kill another save in an act of personal self-defense or the defense of an innocent or upon a judgment and decree by the Lawmistress and Clawmasters. My understanding was clouded. I queried if words of limited provocation, or lesser crimes were not sufficient to warrant death. Cara shook her head gently, and instead spoke of the higher sacredness of life. Whereupon, she reminded me of the Fifth Precept concerning punishments. With low voice, Cara spoke of rare events of Leuian murder. Her face clouded with sadness, and she warned that, as in all other disputes, a determining of the truth was of first concern. A Lawmaster or Lawmistress must first judge there was murder in deed. Only then could the Clawmasters, being true and just, decree the death of the one who murdered. Yet, the Clawmasters might instead declare the one who murdered an Outcast. If so decided, the Outcast must not receive sustenance from and no words may ever again be spoken between Outcast and the Pride's members. After noonfeast, there was happy respite from the digging pits. Surkaran agreed Cara should continue my instruction for a few days more.

Tenth Month, Sixth Day

Cara did not teach me this day, as there was announcement by the young scholars Meritos and Zura the Custom of the One Moon had been completed between them. The Pride celebrated this happy event all day and well into the night.

Tenth Month, Seventh Day

The Fifth Precept interests me, as Cara talks of punishments meted out should a rare event of wrongdoing occur by Leuian paw. Cara oft spoke of "balance". Punishments set by the Clawmasters must seek to restore the wronged to wholeness as much as punish the wrongdoer. If one Leuian defrauds or steals from another, the punishment must first have as its aim a restitution for the wronged. Provocation by ill words is oft punished by a Pride shunning the one seeking to "cook a pot of discord" as Cara said of it. Shunning is similar to decreeing one Outcast, though the offensive one still retains prideship and, if the behavior is corrected, the shunning ends after a time. Of Cara, I queried as to the practice of dueling which I had seen with mine own eyes in Spur. She sighed sadly. It was true, she offered. Duels are permissible under the ancient traditions as a way of settling disputes between Leuians. Yet, she declared such duels were also subject to the Precepts. In grave voice, she spoke of duels requiring a mutual consent. And, by such ancient and strict Leuian traditions, duels were by claw only. Should a Leuian consent to duel, and therein produce a weapon of magecraft or steel or power of a diety or martial art, the duel is forfeit for that Leuian. Further, should the Leuian use such weapon to harm the other, the act is given the same intent as an attack upon an unarmed innocent. Cara inquired of me as to whether such duels were common in Spur. I spoke of seeing an increasing number of them before my departure. Her face seemed to turn to a faraway place. Her ambereyes closed in thought, she poke of the rarity of dueling upon the home isle. The brothers and sisters there took disputes to the Lawmistress or Lawmaster, considering violence to settle a small dispute with another Leuian to be kittish. Laying on my pallet this night, I chuckle as I remember her words.

Tenth Month, Eighth Day

Cara brought to me a kit of some fourteen summers, called Kymyrrl. To my amazement, Cara said the kit would teach me of the Sixth Precept. Beaming up at me, Kymyrrl took my hand within her little paw and led me to a part of the forest I had not yet visited. Along the way she spoke of the Leuian's love of the land and its waters and creatures. Even of the Leuian crafts she was knowledgeable. I complimented her own handiwork, for she wore a sandalwood amulet. The Leuians waste nothing in their sojourn in the world. They prefer to build with natural elements, such as woods, stone and earth. Their dwellings are not cluttered with useless possessions. There are many openings for sunlight and breezes. The little one knows of nearly all the plants and flowers we see during our walk, many of which have healing powers. I ask her if she is different, or if all littles know so much of the land. Her words convince me it is natural for the littles to know of such things. At times, it would seem better to deliver our world into the paws of these littles, they are so full of hope.¹¹

Tenth Month, Ninth Day

Elindale's Forest! The world has turned upside down this day! During noonfeast, two Leuians from the coastal pride appeared from the forest... one of them Lormaka! Alas, my joy was mixed with bitterness as he brought news of a terrible event in their homeland. All day, the pride met amongst themselves. Of respect for them, I took to the high canopy and did not intrude. Then, upon evening, all gathered together upon the forest ground, surrounding a small pridefire. They spoke quietly in the firelight, whereupon there was a most strange occurrence. From beneath his cloak, Lormaka lifted a small, coppery sphere. Fascinated, I watched as he gently laid it in the earth. All in the pride sat quietly, focusing upon the sphere, as if awaiting some great event. For many moments, the forest seemed as if all life was in quietude. Then, a mist arose from the sphere, gathering over their heads. The mist became swirling colors, and the colors formed a vision. There was a great city, built upon the hills of a fine land. Its dwellings and temples were of fine woods and gleaming marbles. The city embraced a blue-green ocean, and a harbor there contained many, many ships. A great boulevard wound its way from the seaside seaside inland to the hills, and up into a great mountain. Upon the mountain was a mighty structure, and beside it a temple whose walls were of a substance I could not determine. The ivies and vines gently covered both, protecting and shading the fine crafting. There were mists also in the eyes of the pride, for they stared into the vision with a longing. Nay, more than that.. a deep love. Hues of orange flooded into the mists... the city was changed now. Portions were aflame. The temple upon the mountain was charred and scattered. Night had come. The flames burned in the city and alighted the heavens. Shadowy figures, faces hidden, rode horseback upon the streets, blades drawn and dripping. The vision altered..weary figures strode up rocky clefts into other hills, barren hills. Their faces were not covered. Dearest Elindale, their forms were now plain.. Leuians.. all Leuians. Some carried littles within their arms, others helped those who carried no more than wounds. Upon the ridge, in the night skies, two stood side by side, extending paw to those below nearing the rocky summit. Their faces were turned toward the fires below.. and I knew the faces, have seen them. It was the Khatyr of Leuia and his lifemate. Below, tears mix with a rage whose energies I feel even here, in the high canopy. It was then the vision faded.

Tenth Month, Tenth Day

Most were asleep at morningfeast. Quietly, I worked alone preparing the foods, for the Pride counseled until Rinanni's Circle had journeyed low upon the western horizon. Turning from the cooking pit, I see Lormaka's eyes fixed upon me and I wish to hold him, to take the vision away. Later this day, the Pride gathers again to counsel. I sit in the high canopy until the night enfolds me. Yet, the pain willnot fly from me.

Tenth Month, Fourteenth Day

The four days previous have been of the same pattern. The Pride counsels long into the night. This I know from Lormaka..what he is permitted to tell... There has been treachery and evil within their homeland. I cannot understand the name of the one who has caused the travails. In Commontongue, I believe its closest meaning to be "the dark one". The Khatyr and those with him live in barren, farflung places, and there is a great civil war in the land. This Pride of scholars and healers and accomplished mages counsels whether to return home or to continue this work. Some declare the artifacts here are too precious to leave behind in the earth. If the conflagration is long, perhaps what is found within this forest may be of great importance.

The rest dispute otherways, saying the risk of delay is too great. If Leuia is lost, then all the people outside the home isle will be scattered to the four winds forever. These are for returning home. I weep for the strained faces of those in the company who have littles upon the home isle. And also for Surkaran, whose tensions and spirit-struggles have increased each day.

Tenth Month, Sixteenth Day

Two more days of tortuous counsel have passed, and this night Surkaran asked the company to hear his words. The artifacts already unearthed must first be protected. These are to be taken to the Pride in the Jarondi Mountains far to the northwest. For this, Surkaran implores Lormaka to lead, and those few scholars with no kits or littles in the homeland. Cara is one of these. He pleads the rest to follow him to the home isle, where they shall join the struggle of the Khatyr. Surkaran stares into the pridefire, having laid his decision before the other Clawmasters, for it is a decision concerning war. The Clawmasters hold in their paws hardwood branches from the canopy. Those who shall hold the branch before their face wish the branch to become an arrow, and are for Surkaran's words. Those who shall place the branch upon the earth in front of them are for the Pride staying in this place to complete its tasks. Surkaran looks from one face to the next. No Clawmaster lays his branch upon the ground. His word seems wise to the Pride, and I shall journey with Lormaka.

Tenth Month, Seventeenth Day

Many are the eyes which are misted after noonfeast. Ours is a small company.. Lormaka, myself, Cara, Meritos, Zura and an old mage called Dackas. As one more than twelve summers, Kymyrrl is given her own choice by Surkaran. She declares to go with our company. Lormaka sends the X'cha with Surkaran, for it will speed their journey to the coastlands. Surkaran looks back upon us, waving farewell, and soon the vivid colors of the forest hide he and his companions from sight. Taking packs upon our shoulders, Lormaka leads us toward the distant peaks of the Jarondi mountains.

Tenth Month, Twenty Eighth Day

We stop not at all during the day, and this is the first eve there is enough energy within me to weave the tiny fire dart to scribe in the darkness. The forest is too dense for cooking fires... or the light they provide. Each day is the same... arise with the dawning.. and move quietly through the forest. The heat is less, perhaps by season, perhaps by direction. As we journey, I think deeply upon this people, and pray to Elindale many times each day for their wellbeing.

Tenth Month, Thirtieth Day

Though it should exhaust me, I have promised to reveal all of importance, so I scribe breathlessly and awkwardly as we journey in the lateday sun. I do not understand how such could come so swiftly to me. Yet, I find I love Lormaka with all my soul.

Eleventh Month, Second Day

The forest thins greatly and our journey is speeded. The air is cooler, and our energies greater during the daylight. I discover my curiosity grows concerning the artifacts we take into the mountains. Kymyrrl carries many of the smaller objects in her pack, with those of us of larger stature carrying the remainder. Most are of a shape and substance which do not lend knowledge of their purpose. Yet, I feel the essence of them. As if discerning my thoughts, Dackas looks in my direction and smiles. And there is something about Surkaran's worries to remove them with haste to the mountains. Later in the day, I decide we have abandoned the digging pits for a deadly reason, and wonder when the followers of this dark one shall begin to track our fading trail.

Eleventh Month, Sixth Day

We emerged from the forest this day onto a marsh which lay all to the horizon upon the west. Yet, the mountains which Lormaka seeks are seen now to the northwest. The way is difficult. Muds and waters cover our feet in many places. As we journey, I query Lormaka as to his homeland. Shall the Khatyr and his followers be subjugated? Lormaka reminds me of the First Precept... and I discern there shall be no such event. The Khatyr and those who follow him shall regain their homeland...or shall rest in the permanent sleep.

Eleventh Month, Ninth Day

For three days previous, we have journeyed across the great marsh which drains the rainwaters from the Jarondi before us and the Ramshakas behind. Upon this day, we found ourselves within the foothills of the Jarondi. Elindale be praised, for the insects of the great marsh plagued us day and night. I must remember in prayers to query Her as to Her purpose in the creation of such winged tormentors.

Eleventh Month, Tenth Day

The foothills are most beautiful. Though the season turns cooler now, they are still carpeted in green grasses and mountain flowers. Within the meeting place of two hills, a stream flows downward to mingle with other waters which had bubbled from a steamhole nearby. Upon their mingling was a pool, warm but not hot. Lormaka halted our weary company to enjoy a bathing. Such a good feeling it was to wash the marshland from our bodies! I queried Lormaka further. If the Khatyr is victorious, will there be mercy for the followers of this dark one? Frowning, he queries in return.. Should there be? It appears Leuian justice shall be sure for those found by Cara's profession to have murdered brothers and sisters.

Eleventh Month, Twelfth Day

The way is more rocky and difficult for we now travel upon the upper foothills of the Jarondis. I help Dackas at the difficult points, and am rewarded by wonderful tales of Leuian magecraft. The evening is now cool, requiring a fire whose coals can warm us through the night, though I observe Meritos and Zura need no such coals. I find myself smiling upon them often. I long for Lormaka to put his arms about me, as well, but he is like a trance-seer, swerving in no way from his purpose to reach the Jarondi pride to relay the travails of Leuia. Before sleep embraces me, Cara whispers to me that I should not worry, for Lormaka's heart is full of love for me, as well. Blushing, this thought warms me far greater than the coals of the cooking pit.

Eleventh Month, Thirteenth Day

Just after noonfeast, we came to the lower pass Lormaka sought, yet it was barred by a fall of large rocks from above. Lormaka scouted until settingsun but found no second path. His heart was heavy, for he sensed snow in the night, and worried for our lives. Taking my hand within his paw, Lormaka led me again into the slide, as I cast small fire darts to light our way. Soon, upon another route, we discovered a small cave and had brought the others into protection with us. I look into the night from the mouth of the cave but see no stars. Soon, the snow falls. Some I melt and fill my waterskin for drink during the difficult way ahead.

Eleventh Month, Fourteenth Day

Before dawn, Lormaka left our cave, and the warmth provided by one of Dacka's magespells. After morningfeast, he returned with diverse Xeber hides. The remainder of this day was spent fashioning crude hidecoats to keep us warm in the snows. All day it snowed, yet ceased around settingsun. Gazing upon a wondrous sunset beside me, Lormaka seemed happy for the first time in many days.

Eleventh Month, Fifteenth Day

We set forth for the higher pass, wherein there is yet another path to the dwellings of the Jarondi pride. It seems so near in sight, yet so far in the climbing. Hand in paw, Lormaka and I climb together. I ask him if it is common for his people to abide in such untame regions. He smiled, saying Leuians fear no untame land, and prefer those places which yield those things of which they which they have need, but are little settled by outraces. How then, did his people come into Spur? Lormaka is unsure of this, saying only that there are diverse tales concerning the Leuian origins in Spur, and it is not common for his people to live within cities outside the homeland.

Eleventh Month, Sixteenth Day

So foolish do I feel. So near is the upper pass, yet I found myself unable to journey further after noonfeast, feeling most ill. We have turned aside from the path into an overhang. Dackas casts a small fireball before us for warmth, yet it drains him terribly. Much as I try, there is no strength within me to assist him.

Eleventh Month, Twenty Sixth Day

Barely can I remember the previous days... only burning fever and pain of body. There is a dim awareness of bitter herbs and teas from Zura and Cara's paws. I hear the Pride's nearby healers talk... they speak of me, and their treatments of my sickness, which they call "marshfever". I am told that, in some way, Lormaka carried me to the upper pass, and there our company was met by out-watchers of the Jarondi Pride. I am so very weary, and have no energy to scribe further.

Eleventh Month, Twenty Eighth Day

I was given comfort last night, by the warmth and light of a wonderful pridefire near which I had been laid. The Khatyra of this mountain Pride is snow white, her fur streaked with silvers and grays. Lormaka whispered to me she is nearly two hundred summers in age, and has lived in the Jarondi for nearly sixty of those. I gazed about the vast cavern. Shimmering crystals embedded within the rock above me reflected the firelight and appeared as stars in a night sky. After the pride took morningfeast, Lormaka fed me a hearty broth and we talked quietly. His eyes tell me he slept little these last days. I queried him hoarsely, suddenly curious. What do his people say of death? He was startled, and turned his face. Perhaps we shall speak of it later. He now admonishes me to cease my scribing and rest until eveningfeast.

All day didst I remain at rest. For many candlemarks didst the healers come and go today, and fuss over me. Lormaka counseled with the Jarondi Clawmasters concerning Leuia. Such was good, for he did not see in the healers' eyes that which I know they do not wish to say. This night I sat wearily beside the pridefire, Lormaka behind me. I whispered to him a bold request, and he readily complied, encircling me with his arms. I leaned back into him, content for the moment.

Eleventh Month, Thirtieth Day

The snows fell heavily outside the caverns all this day, clearing near eveningfeast. Lormaka is cheered for I summon all my magepowers to appear stronger for him. Alas, I cannot deceive my healers, who disapprove terribly with their glances, but say nothing. I ask old Dackas to prepare a glyphstone for me, so that my scribing might continue despite weakening hand and dimming eye. With kindness, he slips one unnoticed into my hands during taletelling at pridefire.

Twelfth Month, Second Day

This night, Lormaka queried me as to my strength.. was it sufficient to visit the mouth of the cavern? Frightened, the gentle healer called Lhysia was at my pallet quickly, yet her eyes met the unspoken pleading of mine own. Sighing, she placed a fur cloak about me and scolded Lormaka that I must not be taken outside the cavern. His arm about me, together we walked.. he strongly and me haltingly, to the cavern mouth. Upon the ledge outside, kits tussled in the snow playfully. Lormaka gazed at the moonlit mountains around us, and upon the kits..then looked upward at the new full moon. I followed his eyes, and pressed closely to him... and in that moment I felt pressed within my palm an actar amulet. Startled, I looked into his face, whereupon he whispered when I saw the moon as this again, he would come to ask if I wished to keep it. Beloved Elindale, you bless your unworthy servants, even to the end of their days.

Twelfth Month, Third Day

Lhysia sat quietly beside my pallet during the morn hours, examining a scroll concerning the healing arts of the humankynd. She is very beautiful and of great empathic power. I queried if she were lifemated, and she happily nodded. I observed a bracelet of Rinannism upon her wrist. Smiling, she held it for me to examine, whereupon she seemed to sense my thoughts. I queried her as to what her religion says of death... curious as to her beliefs. With glowing eyes, she spoke of a safe passage over the House of the Dead... to come before a portal. From this portal flows Rinanni's peaceful emerald lightwinds which draw one's spirit within, there to dwell in Her House. It is within Rinanni's House that lifemates are rejoined forever. Such teaching is a wondrous hope for all lifemated Leuians, and I found myself thinking upon it deeply until the time of pridefire.

Twelfth Month, Ninth Day

I scribe now an entry to close this tome, Knowledgemistress, and pray your gracious pardon. Alas, strength has left me altogether, and this shall be my last attempt to cast my thoughts into the glyphstone. I dare not ask Lhysia or another to scribe, for Lormaka shall surely hear of such. So much has he borne, and I shall not add to his burdens. I entreat you, Knowledgemistress... continue to send your emissaries to this good people, and perhaps a strong bond shall someday grow between Usilin and Leuian. Were that I could appear before you, and speak of so many more things than scribed within these pages. As for me, I await the kind and just judgments of Elindale, as I have throughout all my days. For whatever comes, I am readied.

From the Knowledgemistress of the Usil House of Knowledge,

To Those Within the House:

The small leather tome of Jhessail Jahanael was brought to the doors of the House of Knowledge during the Feast of Summer, on the Thirtieth Day of the Fifth Month, Year 94. Its bearer was a lone Leuian child, who presented it to Garanjon the Librarian along with a sandalwood amulet. Jhessail Jahanael, sister and servant, passed from our plane upon the Third Day of the First Month, Year 94.
