Knowing Honor

As kits, the first words we hear, and the ones most remembered - often with a twinge - are "You should be ashamed!" Why? Why should one feel ashamed? Shame is the polar opposite of honor!

Ah, but how can one know light without darkness? How can one know honor if one knows not shame? How can one know what is honorable if one knows not what is dishonorable?

And so our first lesson, from parent and Clawmaster, is this: To learn to feel shame; to learn when to feel shame; to learn how to avoid situations which cause the feeling of shame. This lesson is the seed of the tree which will become honor with maturity. As a sage said in days long by, "Shame is the rich soil in which the tree of honor roots."

From this lesson we kits emerge with a b sense of shame, one which henceforth serves to steer our steps as we walk the path of honor. A misstep is immediately announced to our inner selves by that twinge, that bolt of feeling, shame.
Seeking Honor

Upon being sent into the world, to seek ourselves, to seek honor, we take with us little but this b sense of shame and the examples the Clawmasters lived for us. Our quest is to learn what is honor. To guide us we have our shame.

As mere students - toddlers as it were - upon the long road that leads to honor, we immediately become confused. The lessons are not lost; the seed has been planted... but now the weather of the outside world beats upon our souls, unprotected but for our flimsy shield of budding honor and boistered by the inward pressure of our b sense of shame. There is no balance. The shame presses outward and we see it in the faces of those that look upon us. If we are cowards, we turn from it, and perhaps forever lose the path. If we have the spark of courage, and if it was well nourished by the Clawmasters, we face our shame and challenge it.

It is the challenging of our shame that presents the next obstacle on the road. Most all mistake the looks of others, as the object of challenge, rather than as the mirror of the soul. Rather than reaching inward, we strike out. Taught to feel shame and to avoid that feeling at any cost, we explode at its touch and strike at the hand we perceive delivering that touch.

No, there are indeed cases where is is just and honorable to strike out: at those who would to ourselves or our way harm, or do harm to others incapable of protecting themselves.

But in the time of seeking honor, we often confuse our feeling of shame with the guilty motives of others. We often confuse our pride with our sense of honor. In our pride, we see any action which causes us to feel that twinge of shame as an affront to our small but growing honor. And so we strike out at that which we see as the source.

It is in this phase that we as a race earn our reputation for shortness of temper, and prickliness of temperment. It is also in this phase that we most often venture where the world might see us.

We tell ourselves our scars are the badges of our battle for respect, for honor, from others. We do not see that they are the scars of our battle for control of ourselves.
Becoming Honor

We begin to learn control and balance. By now we have come a long way on the path and have learned that what most often troubles us is our inner self. We begin to turn inward and cease to be as occupied with what others think or say about us.

By now we bear the scars of our shame, and by now we begin to see our scars as reminders of our failures, rather than as badges of our success. We begin to recognise our pride for what it is. We strive to remove our pride from ourselves, that honor might find a place to abide.

We begin to study patience, to offer forgiveness, rather than to attack that which tests us. For surely it is we who test ourselves.

The battles with others over perceived slurs abate. The battles for others who cannot do battle for themselves increase.

Oddly, this process feeds on itself and each battle fought for another in need results in fewer instances of what would have been considered cause for battle to defend one's honor.
Being Honor

One does not reach the end of the path of honor. We are content to merely remain upon the path all our days. We achieve a balance wherein shame is a comfort that we are yet upon the path, even as a fence bounds our fields. Our pride is a reminder that we have not yet reached the end of our path.

Here is the balance of shame and pride: the constant reminders that we are less than we might be.

Here is acceptance that what matters is one's inner balance, acceptance of what must be and willingness to change that which must change, with no regard for personal cost.

Here is inner peace regardless of strife surrounding.

But now we cannot rest, for with the perspective our distance brings comes the responsibility to use it to straighten the path for those that follow. For each step saved for those that follow, is one step forward for the whole. After turning inward and finding ourselves, we now turn outward to offer what aid we might in helping others think likewise.

While farther back on the path we might say "This is honorable, that is not", now we smile and ask, "Do you feel this is right?" For what we think of others is not what matters, but only what they inside know of themselves. We only help them see themselves as they know they truly are.

We yet must needs do battle at times, for there are those that follow not the path, and indeed would see its start lost. We are more willing to exhaust other means before resorting to battle.

We live and die only to serve our people.

attributed to Mhwanelon Kanamara
