Dragon Fire Chronicles

As many of you know, we have not published an issue of the DFC in quite some time. This is mostly due to the threat of war that has been looming over Spur for quite some time, and partially due to the fact that both Ward and Tir are so busy getting rich that they rarely have time to stop and focus on what's important, getting even richer from the sales of newspapers. With that being said, I would like to welcome back our readers to the next issue of the Dragon Fire Chronicles!
With this new issue we begin a new volume in an already long line of successful papers. We are also making use of a new facility in Spur and using a new type of printing press that should allow us to get you the most up to date news without waiting so long. As much as we hate to admit it, there is credit to be given to a rival paper, the Slanderer, for providing us with a lay out the people have come to enjoy. We hope you all enjoy this as much as you do the Slanderer. This being our first attempt at this new layout, we hope you the reader will allow us a few mistakes as there are sure to be some. Now, let's get to the news! News and Gossip
-A group of Spurians killed the Muatana-al General, Graedar'al, and the war ended. 'nuff said.
-The San elf Jezimai has been seen around town showing off a new rock on her finger, given to her by the former everything at one time, Rylek Grey. No word yet on when the wedding date will be.
-The destruction of the bazaar and much of the Market area has brought us a new, easier to navigate merchant district. Adventurers should explore this area if they have not already as it contains perhaps the largest and most diverse collection of shops Aradath has ever seen.
-The Tournament of Magick, which has become a yearly event many magi have come to expect, has been pushed back because of a surprise attack by the Poisonsilk Hunt. Several contestants were slaughtered before a group of brave Spurians, lead by the Drag-als Quento and Clutter could take control of the situation.
-Rumor has it the marriage of Spite and Anyah is on the rocks. Anyah is not pleased with Spite's approach to selling products to females. It seems he really does go the extra mile for his customers.
-It seems the end of war has brought us back many faces we thought may never be seen in Spur again. This includes the ever popular Sweetie, The former Regent of Sa, Anvil, the former wannabe Regent and wannabe Anvil, Noffbrau, the talented writer and farmer, Soyam, and several others who may or may not be as important as the names mentioned.
-A new weapons and armor shop has recently completed construction in Spur. The shop, owned by the Hithual Axe, is located due north of the first main intersection if you were to head west of the square. All of Spur has been buzzing about the quality items that are for sale at better than expected prices. It is nice to see a shop that isnt filled with Ork loot. Look for the Drathain arch.
If you have some news or gossip you'd like to share with all of Spur, the DFC is willing to pay for it! Send your information, along with your name, to [url=mailto:shadowsoflore@gmail.com] shadowsoflore@gmail.com[/url]. Fashion Police hot on your trail? Swing by Xaphania's Closet, located inside the Galleria, for a new you!
SHOP REVIEWS
By: Tir Fantastico
Wrapping up our list of shop reviewals (see parts 1 and 2 in the previous issues), this issue we cover mostly stores outside of the Merchanting district, and also outside of Spur.

The Emerald Dragon
Operated by Mr. Sast Silverleaf the aspiring jeweler, this cozy shop has an ecclectic bunch of stuff in it. Most of the items befit the store I guess, with a lot of food, some simply purchased from elsewhere in Aradath, relocated, and marked up, but others unique. There is also a large herbal
selection, a perfect gift for that smelly priest you know. They even have a small selection of snowballs for sale at 4 gold, you know, in case you haven't been outside all winter or something.
Seasonal Selections
I guess this shop is run by a Secian, and it has a distictive 'snow, but also some ice' sort of Secian-y theme. I'm guessing this will change with the seasons, as that would sort of make sense given the shop's name. Or maybe it won't, and the joke is that it's "Seasonal Selections... of winter, year round." Perhaps someday they'll even introduce some seasonal products for sale, as at the time of writing, the only thing for sale is a pair of wool pants, Drake sized, for 25 gold. Just what I always wanted.
Time Well Spent
Not actually a clock store, as one would hope, but actually a potion store. No clock potions either. When the shop first opened I was alarmed at its prices that show the owner never visits any other stores in Aradath, but they have since been brought down. It sells a bunch of everyday potions, in case you get bored of the store bought ones or the herb shop near the runestore, and also some generic magick items. Bafflingly, it also sells a dancing dress and an evening bag. I guess so you can look good while drinking potions? The store also hosts a display case, filled with random jewelry and other things that have nothing to do with the store's specialty. I really do like the potion stint, it just needs a little more follow through to be perfect.
The Dusty Pages
An addition to the Imperial Trader's Galleria, this well kept book store caters to the tiny percentage of Spur that likes books other than ones that teach you swordplay or spellcasting or whatever. At the time of writing, it has a selection of books and book related things, including a phoenix feather plume. I guess so while you're penning that priceless manuscrpit, it can burst into flames and the hilarity ensues. Often times I've seen quite rare books on diverse boring subjects like magick on the shelves, it's
actually worth checking in at.
The Dragon's Hoard
Truly a hoard, this shop's shelves are just overflowing with things. Most of it is the standard Secian knickknacks (bond rings, bond necklaces, bond hats and so on) that I guess Secians and Dragon's can't get enough of because there are two or more stores catering to it. However, wading through all the Secian-related junk, you find some stuff which is sort of hilarious to find in a Secian store. For example, a selection of three different kinds of sharkskin pants (for 60 gold), some emiel plated war boots, a carbide parrying dagger, and even a duskwood shield, I guess for the Secian who likes, uh, evil wood (Kiki?). Some of it is also hilariously priced, like a plain pair of pants for 60 gold, or a USED sphere of light for 100 gold. I mean, I know I wouldn't pay 60 gold for a mouse mask, but I guess... Secians do?
Imports House Fantastico, on the docks
To be honest, I know it's out of the way, but I need to have real estate on the docks to get my shipments, so ANY way, so I figure why not handle some sales there too. Mostly a selection of unique things, some things I'm proud to sell include a bracer made of shadows, an amulet that
grants invisibility three times, and some certificates to get mugged, previously of my festival stall. I change the selection regularily, so stop by if you get a chance, and buy all our stuff. Or I mean don't, it's just sort of here for the discerning customer.
Moss Glenn
Moss Glenn is located on the trade route between Spur and Treehaven. It was formerly the largest group of affiliated stores, untill we built the Galleria.
Syntrik's Formalities Shop
Although it does certainly carry a lot of formal stuff like whiskey and fine clothing, it also carries stuff for, the, I guess, Oog-ra noble, like raw cow on a stick. It also hosts Aradath's greatest concentration of runesilver, including a runesilver staff, a runesilver war hammer, a runesilver crossbow, and four sets of runesilver bolts. All are mightily priced, and I think have been stocked for years without selling. Because Syntrik is such a shrewd and excellent merchant, I imagine this is on purpose, so you can walk into his shop and see he sells runesilver. So you'll be all impressed and whatnot. I mean hell, runesilver? I know I'm impressed.
Nibiru's Mug House
The definitive place to stop in at Moss Glenn, it boasts a dizzyingly large menu of tavern food and drink. I mean you name it, lagers, sasparilla, shadow punch, scale ale, daquiris, bourboun, mushroom ale, wine, madness and
sickness cure chasers, sangria, I could go on like this for awhile. Basically, if you want to hang out, eat a little, get drunk, or hatch some evil machinations, this is a great place for it. Also, rumor has it Changeman frequents this pub. That's sort of an upside and a downside at the same time.
That Dragon Store in Moss Glenn
Secians and Dragons, named in their own language meaning, "Buy so much stuff they need as many stores as possible catering to them," are the only ones who can shop in this "exclusive" store. The rational for this store is simple. Let's say you're a Secian or a Dragon. You're walking through the merchant distict, and because you're blinded by all your gems, you miss the first three stores catering to you. On your way south, you trip and miss
Kavita's, and also somehow miss the one in the peddler's tent. But, you DO manage to end up in Moss Glenn, thank the gods, so you can buy all the stuff you wanted. Yay.
Rektger's Alchemy Shop
Located in Fort Tarath, this is a shop for the necromancer in all of us. Need to summon a demon, raise the dead, or fling ichor all over the place? It's got some cheaply priced items geared towards Arachnians, but actually a pretty wide selection of higher end but well priced stuff. Tomes of
forbidden learning, rare items, the odd potion, definitely worth stopping by if you have a dark streak. Also if I didn't give this a good review Rektger would kill me brutally.
The Swamp's Edge
Located in the Mud Village (for this reason it may be dangerous to travel there, if you're a stinking mammal), Skar has ingeniusly set up shop selling to a customer base that worships him as a God. Damn, that's clever. For the rest of us mammals, the stock is actually surprisingly good. Sharkskin pants for only 10 gold, as opposed to the 60 at the Dragon's Hoard, a variety of scary bone and animal related charms, a healthy assortment of middish range weapons and armor, even a smattering of quality stuff. You know, despite the hike, this Monitanian really stocks a better store than most in the city. It sticks to it's specialty, has a wide selection, and is pretty fairly priced.

And that about raps up all the recent additions to the economy. If your shop didn't appear on this or either of the previous two lists, you do a really bad job promoting your store because I went to every single one I could think of. Hell I even made it to the Swamp Village and Fort Tarath. Looking for the latest magickal enchantments to make you stand out from the rest? Look no further than Imperial Enchantments. Located inside the Galleria, Imperial Enchantments offers a vast selection of magickal items. Under new ownership!
Next Issue
-peddle reports
-Merchant reviews
-News from around Aradath
-A new gossip column
-Limericks!
-The Famous top fives
If you have something you would like to see added to the DFC, please send your requests to [url=mailto:shadowsoflore@gmail.com] shadowsoflore@gmail.com[/url].