DFCExtra
April 2, 1999          5 Silvers       Issue #9, Vol. 2
****************************************************** Hungry Haunting Humans?
 By Noran Whitestone

(4-2-99, DFCExtra) A strange house has suddenly appeared just northwest of town square center itself!
 The house is so old and rotting that those who have seen it claim it must have been in its location for
 hundreds of years without anyone noticing. The owner of the home, a strange female Human by the name of Broomhilda,
 has been rumored to give gifts to some random guests in her house, while she has attempted to eat others!
 Be on the look out else you be her next meal!


 Fear, Flooding, and Flerians
> By Noran Whitestone
>(3-30-99, DFCExtra) In a town meeting called today by High Priest Tylar of Taath and First Warder Rev of Odarous,
 plans were discused on the future of Spur itself and the cities standings in case the rumored attack 
from the Chaos Lords is to occur. During the meeting, Anon the archmage from Rathan was sighted,
 as well as Murdach the Flerian and Rannvi, the Taathian envoy. I have reports that Murdach was struck down by Rannvi,
 and some sort of amulet, that on-lookers claimed to have been pulsing like a heart, was stolen.
 We here at the DFCDN do not know if this is true, or if something was truly stolen, but we will
 inform you as soon as word is available. 

In other news, the final week of the SGA, scheduled for this up coming Sunday,
 was been moved back one week due to flooding in the arena from all of the rain.
 Tasem assures us the arena will be ready a week late and further postponing will not be needed. 

Finally, the Flerians below town square have added a further list to their original 
outrageous list of demands. They now demand, three drunken sailors to teach them all 
the songs they know, a boat with a hole in it, a pet slug, a shirt with lots of little 
holes in it for a Flerian named Jurnisher, all Leuians to shave off their manes and weave
 the material together to make a coat for Blister, and a pack of pack mules to carry their packs. 
The chieften of the tenth chapter of the moving Flerian Burrows, Gurshwink Paddlewacker has
 stated that, "If all demands are not met, they (being the Flerians) will do something very sinister."

>
 Letters to the Editor
 Swords of Sa to Return?

(3-28-99, DFCExtra) The following is a letter from Kyrinne Woodmyst.

Spur is being visited by the illustrious Kingpriest of Sa, Brillan Intac,
 who has been sent by Sa himself to restore the renowned Swords of Sa to Spur. 
 Brillan, a human cleric, seeks the most powerful and skilled Sword Clerics of Sa 
that Spur has to offer.  After he identifies those who are eligible, Sa will bestow 
the weapons upon those chosen few.  "My Lord Sa has asked me to focus on Sword Clerics of Sa,
 however, if they are worthy, I imagine Hearts could be included."

He briefly recounted what he knew of the three swords, the Black, the White, and the Grey. 
 He explained that there were two brothers who were very loyal priests of Sa.  One brother
 was unpredictable while the other was very meticulous.  Sa could not decide who was to
 become High Priest, so the unpredictable brother grew impatient, took matters into his own hands,
 and cast a sleep spell upon his brother.  Sa, not wishing to see these two brothers fight,
 placed their "beings" in two of the swords, the Black and the White.  Their names are Parinor and Morinod.

The origin of the Grey Sword is steeped in mysteryit has been in our town square as long as
 anyone can remember.  Brillan explained that the Grey was the more powerful of the three swords
 and that "as Sa believes in balance, it is used to maintain that balance."  He said that the swords
 can be used as their wielder deems necessary, but because there is sentience within the swords they 
may fight less well if they do not believe in what they are fighting for.  "The legends in the Church scrolls
 say that when the need is the greatest, the Grey will return and use this broadsword to restore all 
that is broken or wrong.  The Grey returns when it does."  When asked if the Grey was a person,
 he simply replied, "That is all that is known.  Just those words:  The Grey."

During a brief discussion with Sir Stanrar about the Chaos Lords, Brillan said that
 he heard "that more towns have been destroyed by in-fighting than by the Lords."  
He also commented that the "most powerful weapon against the Lords of Chaos is knowledge. 
 Sadly, people keep that knowledge to themselves."  He offered to lend his expertise to 
Spurs advantage should an attack occur during his visit and said that he would attend the next
 Temple Meeting of Sa if his busy schedule permitted.  He was last seen in Spur several days ago 
searching for worthy clerics.
Letters to the Editor
 Odd Happenings in Temple Taath

(3-25-99, DFCExtra) Letters to the Editor

Dear Noran Whitestone,

This is something i caught from the shadows as most in this great town do. I am very new to Spur,
 and do not know many people.  While in my temple, meditating and sitting in a corner, a lone figure 
entered and headed towards the alter. The face remained in the shadows for countless seconds, 
until finally the being through off his hood, and begged Taath to claim his soul.  I believe
 his name was Headflinger.  From the north entered a san i had heard whispered among many in
 the town Aiena, in her party there was someone named Asmodious, and surprisingly a dragon.  
With the dragons presence i became advancedly curious. For a moment i thought to reveal myself
 and leave the way i had come in.  But as the mighty god Taath took hold of Headflingers body,
 and tested it to see if he was a true believer, a small figure i had seen in the center of town 
came bursting in. Her small red eyes widened even more as she saw the company she was keeping.
 Then suddenly another being came running in after the little bug. Morpheus glanced around, 
then asked the little bug to leave with him.  Verbaniah started to examine Headflinger for bumps
 and other such lacerations.  I have been privy to her investigations and administrations before several times.
  Aiena asked her to leave the temple, but the bug, who was now checking the young dragon for any cuts,
 firmly stated that she couldn't now. There was a long pause, then the dragon said  
"ill take care of the secian" I am sure they whispered for a long while. Nalpac,
 nudged the small creature towards the door several times, but the aggravating little secian plainly
 said she felt trouble was about, and that it would be against her gods wishes if she left. 
 I waited for several minutes for someone to trans the little pest out so that i could better
 hear what Aiena was up to.  That however did not turn out to be the case. As it turned out,
 not being a magick user i might be mistaken about the spells used but i will do my best,
 Aiena cast a firewall at the secian, who sat immediately to heal herself.  I began to dread 
the babble of other secians, and dragons that surely would come after this attack. 
 As the secian put her hands to her small chest several times, i noticed Asmodious step 
forward and cast what looked like an acid web on her as well.  I thought several times to 
myself that perhaps i should heal her, for it is what she would do if the roles where reversed,
 but my simple first aid could have done nothing but give my hiding spot away. Surely, i thought,
 the dragon or the khat that had followed her in, would heal her.  I believe they tired of the pest 
and Asmodious cast a confusion?? web on her.  We all looked on as the firewall, acid web,
 and confuse web pulsed on her small body.  I expected to see accusation in her little eyes,
 or anger, she seemed so small to be against so many, and with none helping her. 
 All i saw was resignation.  I think,that is something that will always haunt me. 
Perhaps if she had been shouting, or been calling other secians in to her aid, 
i wouldnt feel so bad for keeping to myself. Most of all im curious as to why the dragon never
 helped her, and what he was doing in a temple?  Because i never saw any other dragons come in,
 and i did not see any secians whining in town center. Why did she not tell? 
 Perhaps the DFC can find some answers.  Answers that seem to allude me.

Sincerely,
Fllarraa

 Saldaean Sightseers
> Muatana-al, Penthanian, and Arachnian Terrorizing Spur

(3-19-99, DFCExtra) Pure seeks out more crime, Flerians show themselves, and a portal to Saldaea?....

Pure continued his quest today to keep the streets of Spur clear from all riff 
raff as the Hithual Kornn Vosrapier was exiled from Spur for life. Should he be seen in the city,
 you are instructed to report to the nearest Knight or Justice.

In other news, the Flerians living below town square have finally showed themselves today,
 at least two of them have by this reporters count, though they all look so alike it's very hard to tell.
 The chieftain, noticable by the large pair of antlers he wears as a hat, and his wife,
 a rolling pin wielding terror, left the hole in the ground today to present Spur with a list of demands.
 Among the demands were, 5 roasted ducks, a pair of boots, an official Flerian day, 
all the lint within the city of Spur, and for all Drakes to move out of the city for one month
 and to live only on grass. While the first four demands seem possible, the latter will take a miracle,
 it is yet unknown what the list of demands portains to at all, since they have made no threat
 or given any definition as to what will happen when their demands are met.

Finally, a group of essense hunters has been sighted about Spur lately, many Drakes are short
 a few scales thanks to these strange foreigners. Rumors have it the two hunters,
 an Arachnian and a Penthanian, have been working together under the command of a Muatana-al.
 Spectators of the events pointed out that the Penthanian and Arachnian obviously hated each other,
 but some larger force kept them from fighting. We here at the DFCDN have learned that they are
 possibly using the essense to construct some sort of portal to Saldaea, the use of said portal is yet unknown.
>

Taathian Troubles
I> Temple of Taath on a comeback
3-15-99, DFCExtra)  Hello again loyal readers! Tis I Noran Whitestone with Spurs latest news!

Ex High-priestess of Taath, Rannvi the San Elf has rumored to have been sighted in Spur yesterday.
 Sources tell me both her and Aiena were seen entering Taath's temple at different times for some
 sort of Taathian meeting. Rannvi's where abouts have been unknown for the last year as is what she
 has been doing during that time, but speculations are flying. Some more excitable witnesses believe 
she has been promoted to one of the highest positions within Taath's world wide religous empire.

On another Taathian note, Aviandha the Anthain intercepted a box yesterday supposedly being sent
 by Aiena herself to her troops stationed in Fort Tarath. The contents of the box remain a mystery
 to this reporter, but I hope to tell you as soon as I can find out!

Jubiliant Justice in Spur
 Pure Justice on a Crusade to end crime
 
(3-10-99, DFCExtra)  Once again from the news desk of Noran Whitestone, I bring you Spur's latest news.

Pure Justice, a crusade to end crime? Hot off the rumor mill is news that Justice Pure has exiled
 Khane the Psycian from Spur for life for assualting a Justice and threatening the knights!
 If he is seen within city limits you are to report to a knight or Justice immediatley.
 Pure was later heard saying that he will not rest until Spur's streets are safe from these 
kinds of vicious criminals, so criminals beware!

In other news, Bodkin the Go-blin-al is the talk of the town as the nutorious fan favorite 
in the games has been seen about town lately. While this reporter doesn't know what they see in him,
 an observer noted it was the way he carries a bowl of beetle heads in one hand and a sword
 in the other that shows he is a winner.

>Rathan, Rain, and Other Rumors
 By Noran Whitestone, Spurian Reporter

(3-9-99, DFCExtra) Greetings from the offices of Spurs newest reporter, Noran Whitestone.
 Every few days I will attempt to keep the city updated with current happenings and exciting information! 

In the latest news, I have been told that a small troop of Aiena's notorious black army 
has been positioned in Rathan and have taken control of Fort Tarath. Though the commander,
 a mage by the name of Anon claims they are there to guard against a possible attack from 
the High Priest of Arioch, Maloveous and his army which is rumored to have taken control of Saldaea.
 Rumors have been flying that the troops have actually been stationed in Fort Tarath in an attempt
 to take control of Rathan when the currently dying King of Rathan dies.

Rumors have been flying that the seemingly never-ending rain pouring down upon Spur 
and its surrounding areas is actually some sort of plot. The details and group responsible
 remain hidden to this reporter, but it seems only a few people in Spur are privy to this secret information.

In other news, it seems a new burrow of Flerians has appeared underneath Town Square
. They have been harassing people in the square constantly as of late with no signs of
 them getting tired of their games. It is rumored the Flerian artist seen about town lately 
is a member of this burrow, but this has yet to be confirmed. To view this artists rather, 
different, attempts at art, stop by the bank next to Town Square and have a look for yourself.


04/02/99 13:21
