Writ of the Spurian Dragon Council

                We do hereby declare the formation of the Dragon Council. The primary duty of this council will be educating the young in the ways of the Dragon. Other duties will be overseeing the place of Dragons in society, such as handling conflicts and/or relations with the other races of this world. Following is a description of our organization.

Council
                The Dragon Council is a democratic council of equals. If an issue should come to a vote each member has one vote and majority rules.

New Members
                The Dragon Council will induct no more than two new members per month. If a member of the council sees a Dragon that he or she thinks should be a part of the council, he or she will present that to the rest of the council. At this point the Dragon is a suggested member. Each month, the council votes on all suggested members and the top two become prospects, all others carry over to the next month. Then, every member of the council observes these two prospects for the next month; they try to spend some time with them and take the time to get to know them if they don’t already (prospects won’t know they’re being watched). At the end of this month the council votes on each prospect. 3/4 of the council will have to vote yes on a prospect for them to be inducted as a new member.

Education of the Young
                As mentioned before, education of young Dragons will be one of the most important functions of this council. Each member of the Dragon Council will make an effort to spend at least two hours a week with the young. The main thing we will be teaching during this time are wisdom and Dragon ways. During this time, we will also be teaching the young combat tactics and certain ‘tricks of the trade’ that we have all learned in our time in Spur.

The Path of Flame
                The Path of Flame outlines 5 truths of Dragon life. If a Dragon patterns his behavior after these truths he shall truly learn the wisdom of Dragon ways. They are as follows:

1. We, as Dragons, are creatures of Entropy. We desire a perfect balance of chaos and order in our environment. We generally do not get involved in the affairs of mortals unless it involves us or the little ones.

2. Never engage in any act that would cause harm to a Secian as they are vital to our existence. Also, always seek to protect Secians from those who would cause them harm.

3. Always consider a situation carefully and consider the possible consequences of your involvement before deciding whether or not to get involved. It is usually a good idea to not get involved in a situation unless it involves Dragon or Secian kind. Also, do not call on the aid of ALL of your kin over senseless issues(e.g.: the hunting of a thief over the loss of a few silvers). If a response is warranted(deserved), it should be in proportion to the original action.

4. Disputes among Dragonkind should always be handled in the arena of conversation and thought, never in the arena of combat. Fighting against kin to defend oneself or a little one may sometimes be absolutely necessary, but you should always look to retreat in those situations rather than being the aggressor. When a dispute among kin presents itself, it should always be handled in private and never in public or over the link.

5. We are not gods and we do not believe in gods. There is a power in our known world and people worship this power. We, as Dragons, recognize the power for what it is but we refuse to worship it.

Amendments
                The Dragon Council leaves this section so the council can change as the world changes. The Council knows that it will make mistakes and it is here that we leave a way to correct them.
