
Lycos Search 	
 Search: 		The Web 		Angelfire
	iconReport Abuse   « Previous | Top 100 | Next » 	logo
  	angle graphic 	share: del.icio.us | digg | reddit | furl | facebook
SECIAN ROLEPLAY MEETING #1

Home

    Vaile says, "The way this works, for those who have never come to one of the meetings before, we is we have a little informal lecture session where basically I talk, and then after that we have a Q&A session for you to ask your RP questions."

    Vaile exclaims, "Soooo, Secians!"

    Vaile says, "Secians are the smallest living race in the world (with the exception of Newts, who no one counts anyway), who are extremely helpful by nature."

    Vaile says, "Secians are always orderly, never lie, do not break laws, and never knowingly injure others (with the rare exceptions of Muatana-al's)"

    Vaile says, "At one point in history, Secians were of the Frontacian race, but when the Frontacians of Penthania unleashed the unmagick they were transformed into the "innocent, orderly types" the race has become now."

    Vaile says, "They lost the gems in their forehead and palms, and since Secians seek out and try and find gems of any kind they can get their hands on, mainly to help comfort themselves."

    Vaile says, "Along with the changes in the unmagick, Dragons, who previously were something of a different race then what we consider Dragons today, were changed as well. Their lives progressed through stages, and they required Secians to live through them."

    Vaile says, "In turn, the Secians became somewhat dependent on Dragons as well, though unknowingly for the most part, for protection and safety in a world that doesn't share their same anti-violence views."

    Vaile says, "Secians and Dragons were magically bonded with the Dragons, and both races care tremendously for one another, to the point they will go out of their way to do anything they can for one of the other race. Why the unmagick created this bond..."

    Vaile says, "No one knows."

    Vaile says, "Secians will always try and help others, and are for the most part the ultimate form of order in the world, something of the anti-chaos. They are empathetic in their ways, feeling pain from those around them when they feel pain as well."

    Vaile says, "Because of this, Secians are complete pacifists"

    Vaile says, "Because of the natural magick within them (some claim a tiny part of the unmagick was retained within their bodies, as the opposite occurred with the Arachnians) Secians can only follow professions capable of channeling the natural energy of a God or"

    Vaile says, "The world into spells."

    Vaile says, "I.E., Runemages or Clerics."

    Vaile says, "Secians originate from the city-state of Secia, which is now a vast wasteland part of the huge expanses of the Great Wastes, north of the Great Divide."

    Vaile says, "Following the unmagick, the race spread out to a new Isle of Secia, which became their new homeland. As well many of them simply wandered off into the wastes, on some sort of calling (The change in the Dragons and Secians)."

    Vaile says, "Sadly, many of the Secian race met their end in the wanderings in the waste at the hands of the newly created Arachnians, whose hate for all at the time was perhaps as great as it has ever been in history."

    Vaile says, "Since the day the race was formed, Secians have been cherished around the world by all as some of the most dedicated clerics in all the land, and the most helpful group of people one will ever find."

    Vaile says, "That about sums up everything I had down to cover, if you have a question please just whisper to me that you would like to be added to the list, and I'll call on folks one at a time,"

    Keystiessanova says to Oake, "Lemme guess, there's somethin' about sugar on there."

    Vaile says, "Feel free to whisper over any time you think of a question later as well"

    Vaile says to Titanium, "Go ahead, you have the floor."

    Titanium asks, "Well, I suppose we can just start out firing. I was wondering if you could cover or talk about Secians marrying/having love affairs with other species?"

    Vaile says, "Our general consensus on it is that if they REALLY want to, it's acceptable, but anyone who claims to have children or tries to with another race will be promptly dealt with very harshly."

    Titanium asks, "Is that a consensus that has changed recently?"

    Vaile says, "For the most part, Secians really shouldn't be marrying someone outside their own race, but as such a kind caring people it's possible to develop relationships beyond their own race, and we accept that."

    Siara says, "It's the children part that's key."

    Vaile says, "No, always been that way, just a matter of past experiences with newbies mainly being stopped."

    Vaile says, "I'd expect the Dragon race to be extremely bothered by it."

    Titanium asks, "So, I'll not be considered any more badly than I am now if I consider those involved Gobbies?"

    Siara says, "Certainly something Titanium can believe if he is "prudish" for a Dragon."

    Vaile says, "Or if he just cares so much about the Secian it bugs him "

    Siara says, "Perfectly acceptable roleplay."

    Titanium says, "I'd say that's a fair assessment of Tita over the last few years."

    Vaile asks Titanium, "Have any other questions?"

    Titanium says, "I'll end the evening incendiary as well. I'm done for now."

    Vaile says, "Just to throw on to that last one, most of the Gods may not find it terribly acceptable for Secians to be marrying other races either, I think Rinanni would be the only one to really encourage it."

    Litorth says, "Well who knows with Unknown...."

    Vaile says, "As for alignment problems, I think Secians might become frustrated being married to someone who wasn't orderly, or very orderly in their entropicy."

    Rosalie says, "He could be a big softie, sure."

    Vaile says to Lapiz, "You're up, go ahead."

    Dyaminda says, "They seem to get very frustrated with Dragons at times"

    Vaile says, "Give Lapiz another couple seconds here, and then jump on to the next"

    Loiosh says, "Maybe she's lagged"

    Glinka says, "Stage fryte"

    Vaile says, "OK, we'll come back, Tygerlili go ahead"

    Lapiz says, "Hi"

    Lapiz says, "Sorry"

    Lapiz says, "I can um wait"

    Vaile says to Lapiz, "I'll have you go after Tygerlili."

    Tygerlili asks, "My question is about aging. Because of the staging and bonding with a dragon, a Secians life becomes longer is this true?"

    Tygerlili asks Vaile, "Would a Secian grow older if she was to lose her chosen or bondmate?"

    Vaile says, "Not nearly as long as a Dragons, but yes a bit."

    Vaile says, "Not older, being involved in a staging process."

    Tygerlili says, "OK- thank you "

    Vaile says to Lapiz, "OK, go ahead."

    Lapiz says, "I wondered... when a Secian sees another she or he loves hurt needlessly ... how do they best handle the anger"

    Lapiz says, "And pain"

    Vaile says, "Well, I'd say that's more something for you to decide for your character, I don't think any specific Secian has a specific way."

    Lapiz asks, "Would it be out of char to lash out and then think the better?"

    Vaile says, "Hand clerics for example are a bit more reserved, so they may simply try and deal with the problem themselves, go meditate or ponder or something."

    Vaile says, "Maybe a heart cleric will pray for the persons soul."

    Lapiz says, "But they would not say disembowel ... or anything"

    Lapiz says, "Or cast"

    Lapiz says, "In fear and pain"

    Lapiz says, "To protect"

    Vaile says, "I think the important part is that you can pretty much do anything (outside of attacking them), but you need to make sure as an Orderly race what you decide to do is what you always do, because that's basically what orderly means."

    Lapiz says, "I suppose I wondered"

    Lapiz says, "Mostly if a Secian would try to stop the hurter"

    Vaile says, "Secians WILL NOT ever knowingly hurt others, period, end of story. Unless its a Muat, their nature specifically prevents it."

    Glinka asks, "Why Muats?"

    Vaile says, "Lotta of stories behind that in the lore sections, but basically the Secian race at some point came to a realization that the Muats were the polar opposites of their race, and were bent on destroying and causing pain no matter what."

    Vaile says, "Everything that was tried to help them was fruitless, as eventually the blood lust would overcome every Muat and they would set about again to cause pain."

    Vaile says, "Secians as a whole are pretty much set out to try and help the world be a safer place without the hate and violence that's out there, and Muats are basically out there causing all the hate and violence, regardless if they want to or not."

    Vaile asks Lapiz, "Anything else?"

    Lapiz says, "One"

    Lapiz asks, "If a Secian loves a Dragon ... and sees them lashing out in pain and anger at a sentient ... is it not unusual for them to try to convince the Dragon to be peaceful?"

    Vaile says, "Again that depends on the Secian, the Dragon, and their relationship."

    Lapiz says, "Done"

    Lapiz says, "Thank you"

    Vaile says, "Secians, while they hate violence, also have a general understanding in their nature that Dragons somehow are there to protect them."

    Lapiz says, "Ahh so they empathize with a Dragon's protection.."

    Vaile says, "I see it as a two way street, where at times the Dragon would be swayed by the Secian, at times the Secian swayed by the Dragon. (this is after they stage) Because they basically share a part of one another's beings."

    Titanium says, "A Secian's pain would cause a Dragon pain, they would empathetically feel that."

    Vaile says, "If bonded"

    Vaile says, "Huge difference between a bondmate and a chosen, have to keep that in mind "

    Vaile exclaims to Glinka, "I had you down next, you have the floor!"

    Glinka asks, "Shouldn't Secians be harder to hit since we are so small?....agile like a humming bird?"

    Vaile says, "More of a system question then an RP one, but Secians are by far and away the fastest race in the game, and with help of spells in the NMS should likely become even more so."

    Glinka says, "Ahh, sorries, and thanks.."

    Vaile says, "Most are around 50 DR higher then any other race can possibly reach "

    Vaile exclaims to Shivaya, "You have the floor, go ahead!"

    Lilkin says, "I have seen khats start with a DR almost the same as most Secians have"

    Vaile says, "Be one heck of a fat Secian"

    Becks says to Lilkin, "Some khats have higher than I do"

    Shivaya asks, "OK. Considering Secians are supposed to be rarely sad, I was wondering if that is feasable considering how deeply empathic they are?"

    Shivaya asks, "And how violent Spur is?"

    Vaile says, "I'm not entirely sure Secians being rarely sad is something I'd agree with, I know it says something along those lines in the manual, but I think it's more that Secians are always helpful, not always cheerful little fairy beings."

    Vaile says, "I imagine with all the pain and violence around them, a Secian could get very very depressed."

    Vaile asks Shivaya, "Did you have anything else?"

    Shivaya asks, "Yes one more?"

    Shivaya asks, "Since we were on the subject of Dragons protecting Secians...is it only the Secians bond that protects her/him or all/any Dragons awake in general?"

    Vaile says, "Dragons and Secians as a whole have a great care for one another as a race, though they don't really know why they feel that way, kind of a natural draw."

    Vaile says, "When a Dragon or Secian first meets one of the other race, it's like they have known them their entire life."

    Vaile says, "When a Secian and a Dragon stage together and form a bond, that magickal draw becomes exponentially more powerful, to the point they almost become one being sharing two bodies."

    Vaile says, "In that, the bond is FAR FAR more important then any other member of the opposite race, but they still share a common draw towards those of the other race."

    Vaile says, "I have to admit, because of the power the bond is supposed to have, that Dragon and Secian should basically be inseparable, don't see that very often these days, sad as it is."

    Titanium asks Vaile, "Could you say that about 100 more times,

    Dyaminda asks, "Would this make Secians possessive of their Dragons. Not wanting other Secians to heal them, say on a hunt?"

    Vaile says, "I wouldn't mind at all."

    Oake says, "Healing another's Dragon can cause crossed spells, wasted effort, and at the wrong moment.. possibly death."

    Vaile exclaims, "I imagine a Secian could become very possessive of their Dragon, and the Dragon of their Secian. The entire point of the bond is that they become so!!!"

    Fawnna asks Vaile, "Could, but not necessarily should?"

    Vaile says, "They are like one person in two bodies, they are going to be together constantly, sharing the same ideas, feeling the same thoughts. This is why it is so vastly important to only stage with someone you really care about."

    Shivaya asks, "Same for Chosens, but a lesser degree?"

    Titanium says to Vaile, "Obviously that is near impossible to RP on both parts, but it would be nice if it could get at least close."

    Vaile says, "Every time I see a Dragon and a Secian bond together who really don't seem to have any relationship at all, I want to perm both of them if I could (though we don't) because it goes against everything in the bond."

    Vaile says, "Chosens to a lesser degree as well yes, though that kind of bond isn't really made yet."

    Shivaya exclaims, "I am part Turquoise!"

    Glinka says, "Give em a hair job"

    Vaile says, "Perm means character would be destroyed forever."

    Lapiz asks, "Chosen is more like developing the relationship in preparation for the bond?"

    Rosalie asks, "On that note, what the heck is a shrubber?"

    Oake says, "Remind me not to piss you off."

    Titanium says, "Feel sorry for Deme being any part of Tita."

    Vaile says, "I'm a stickler when it comes to the major RP parts of the game."

    Vaile says, "I'd love to kick out everyone who doesn't RP, but Mythic would eat me alive."

    Myrddin says to Zerwyn, "Well, he's a tiny shrubber."

    Rosalie asks, "What's a shrubber?!"

    Zerwyn says, "Very tiny."

    Glinka says, "One who shrubbs"

    Vaile says to Rosalie, "Someone who makes shrubberies."

    Lilkin says, "Those who don't roleplay are missing all the point of this game. It is not about being the strongest. Tis about being.

    Myrddin says to Rosalie, "He makes lovely topiaries."

    Vaile says to Rosalie, "When the time is right grasshopper."

    Titanium asks Vaile, "I thought you said a good shrubber wouldn't make them?"

    Ees says, "Hard being a Secian because I like to use violence to solve all my RL problems"

    Rosalie says, "All this talk about shortness reminds me of a totally unrelated question. ho hum"

    Vaile says, "Someone asked me to mention the conflicts between the Dragon and Secian nature, not sure who that was, but great addition to the current topic were on."

    Vaile says, "As noticed by many of you, there are quite a few conflicts at times between the two."

    Vaile exclaims to Illata, "Ahhh, thank you!"

    Vaile says, "I encourage each of you to come up with YOUR own way of dealing with that, as the bond is a very very personal thing, and how each couple handles it is entirely up to them."

    Vaile says, "Having said that, my personal suggestion from watching past bond relationships is one of complete understanding from both sides, while at the same time complete acceptance."

    Titanium says, "For those without over 2 years of bonding experience, that's not really all that easy."

    Vaile says, "When the two bond, the Secian understands at times the need of the Dragon to protect and simply accepts the pain that goes with it, because it is best for them together."

    Vaile says, "At the same time, the Dragon accepts the Secians need to protect and help others at times as well, and copes with them helping others at times the Dragon would never ever think of helping."

    Titanium asks Vaile, "So depending on the situation the Secian might or might not heal the Dragon's enemy?"

    Lapiz says to Titanium, "Excellent question"

    Oake says, "oo good one"

    Siara says, "Secians are drawn by their empathy to pain in others."

    Becks says, "What if the Dragon's enemy is that Secians friend"

    Siara says, "They are likely to heal anyone in pain."

    Illata says to Titanium, "As difficult for the Dragon as the violence is for the Secian"

    Vaile says, "Likely to heal anyone in pain, but also likely to understand the Dragon and just take the pain as well, as the Dragon part of them stops them."

    Siara says, "Depending on the Secian."

    Lilkin says, "Most the time healing both sides in a battle just causes more injuries..."

    Myrddin says, "Pain in others is like an itch to a Secian I think. Most of the time they'll scratch that itch, but they might ignore it at times as well if scratching can cause further pain."

    Vaile says, "When in doubt, the Secian is going to side with their bond every time, and help their bond every time."

    Vaile says, "Again, depends on the Secian as well."

    Titanium says, "So, the Secian sometimes has to realize that the person's death is better off in the end of that situation."

    Vaile says, "Most important thing is that the bond is the most important part of all to the Secian, and they will do anything to make sure that stays above all else."

    Siara says, "Depending on the Secian."

    Dyaminda asks, "Why would a Secian heal to defend someone who had just attacked another Secian when the Dragon attacks that person?"

    Kyrinne asks, "I think religion plays in that a bit, like those who follow Rinanni?"

    Titanium says to Vaile, "Okay say that 100 times, too."

    Becks says, "M question didn't really relate to a bond per say, more on a Secian and a Dragon, if that Dragon attacks the Secians friend for whatever reason, does all the still hold true"

    Lapiz says to Dyaminda, "Because the Secian feels the pain of all who hurt"

    Vaile says, "Still the same, bond above all else"

    Siara says, "It was explained to me this way... some Secians can understand the need for violence in the world, but some cannot."

    Titanium asks, "Including earlier said inter-species relationships? The bond comes before all else?"

    Glinka says, "Life is life"

    Dyaminda says, "But the Dragon is trying to keep another from possibly being hurt or killed"

    Vaile says, "Bond always above everything else."

    Vaile says, "Any relationship they have can't come close, it's ten times more."

    Vaile says to Shivaya, "I had you down next, go ahead."

    Shivaya says to Vaile, "I'm sorry I already went.

    thank you for answering my questions"

    Vaile exclaims to Lilkin, "That's you, sorry!"

    Lilkin says to Vaile, "Well about that pacifist thing, I have been attacked and I am prone to defend myself when it is a Character that chases you around and continues..."

    Vaile says, "Erhm, I make a rule for myself to never ever tell anyone they can't do something in the RP meetings unless I absolutely have to, and this is one of the very few rules in Dgate that just plainly can't be broken."

    Vaile says, "Secians will not ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever hurt someone else, in defense, anything, never."

    Vaile says, "Unless it's a Muat, which would be the one exception."

    Shivaya asks Vaile, "What if they do?"

    Vaile says, "They don't."

    Kento asks, "Please excuse myself for interrupting..but that means you can web or fear correct?"

    Lilkin says to Vaile, "Gooboo are far worse then any Muat I have met.."

    Audra exclaims to Lilkin, "Hey! My Gobbie never hurt you"

    Vaile says, "You're not hurting them by doing so, though you're leaving them open for pain from others, which is something the Secian would have to deal with."

    Vaile says, "And some Secians may be so set against violence they wouldn't even web or fear, but my own personal take on it is that it's fine."

    Ees says, "Meaning you don't let others kill em while their in your web"

    Glinka asks, "Is this just characters?..or mobiles too?"

    Kento says, "Thank you."

    Vaile says, "That's everything."

    Vaile says, "Minus stuff that isn't sentient, because it doesn't count of course"

    Oake asks, "Mobiles?"

    Shivaya asks, "You mean we can fear someone in self defense?"

    Shivaya says, "Goodness"

    Kento says to Shivaya, "As long as you don't invoke others to hurt them"

    Glinka says, "Mobiles, townies etc.."

    Kyrinne says to Shivaya, "But you have to take the heat"

    Vaile says, "Fine with me, you need to make that choice for yourself, but doing so doesn't hurt them directly."

    Kyrinne says to Shivaya, "And you will"

    Becks asks, "Sleep is considered the same?"

    Lilkin says to Vaile, "OK and about sentient their are different feelings on that, one is any character that can be rolled is sentient, other is anything that cannot be turned is sentient"

    Vaile says, "Have to understand, Secians are out to stop violence in any way possible. If someone is being violent against them, they WILL stop the violence using such fuse/fear spells."

    Vaile says, "They are doing their empathetic part to stop the pain by doing so."

    Vaile says, "Anything living with a soul is sentient."

    Titanium says, "But they'd have to act the same way all the time."

    Becks asks, "Will the NMS have such spells for Secians to utilize?"

    Ees asks Vaile, "Would disarming also fall under that?"

    Vaile says, "Magickal constructs, undead, demons, etc. are not."

    Vaile says, "Disarming would be the same."

    Illata asks Vaile, "Does that include rats and rodents?"

    Kento says to Illata, "They are sentient"

    Vaile says, "Keep in mind, Secians don't break laws, so they would need to be defending themselves."

    Glinka says, "Turnable equals undead yes.."

    Kento says to Illata, "Anything alive basically is."

    Shivaya asks, "How does a runemage or someone who can't turn determine what's undead if there is a doubt?"

    Vaile says, "There will be spells in the NMS that make it a bit easier to deal with, spells of binding and such that hold people in place, etc."

    Vaile says, "Look at the monster and you will know, every undead critter has a description to them that tells you."

    Vaile says, "Same thing with other stuff."

    Shivaya asks, "Like looking at a big killer it says IT LOOKS LIKE A BIG KILLER?"

    Vaile says, "While it isn't programing, things like Golems are magickal constructs and shouldn't give feedback (though they do) so hunting them is fine."

    Vaile says, "And their description is like, a magickally created walking can or something."

    Oake asks, "Feedback?"

    Zerwyn says to Oake, "Backlash."

    Oake asks, "Backlash?"

    Vaile says, "Thinking NMS words, ignore me"

    Vaile exclaims to Rosalie, "Alright, I had you on the list next, go ahead!"

    Lilkin asks, "Ack ya mean we will now be totally defenseless in games with the NMS?"

    Vaile says, "Exact opposite actually, you'll be full of defenses, just no offense."

    Kento exclaims, "Achk!"

    Kento exclaims, "You're kidding!?"

    Vaile says to Kento, "Runemages excluded "

    Kento says, "Whew"

    Rosalie says, "OK, I've heard a lot and have to ask. If a bonded Secian or Dragon deletes, after a long time, is it possible for their bond to re-chose/bond"

    Lilkin says, "That totally bites it is OOC. and should have a way to neutralize it"

    Becks asks, "No offensive magick for clerics?"

    Becks says to Lilkin, "Sorry for interrupting"

    Vaile says, "Dgate is about RP, if you want a race to play in games to kill people with, play something other then a Secian, I could care less about the games and what they mean to people compared to RP, to put it nicely "

    Vaile asks Rosalie, "A very very good question, could you repeat it again for all of us?"

    Rosalie says, "If a bonded Secian or Dragon deletes, after a long time, is it possible for their bond to re-chose/bond"

    Vaile says, "Yes, it is possible, as we understand sometimes this simply cannot be avoided."

    Vaile says, "When this case occurs, you should email myself, DgateAza, and DgateRick to discuss the situation."

    Nalpac asks, "May I ask a question relating to that?"

    Nalpac asks, "Can a Dragon have another Secian stage them for the 3rd event?"

    Nalpac says, "I am asked this often"

    Vaile says, "Yes, but this should only happen under THE MOST rare and strenuous situations where it cannot be avoided."

    Nalpac says, "Even if the first bond is still in game"

    Titanium says, "Sounds like one of those perm situations to me."

    Vaile says, "If the first bond is still in game, and you try to bond with another, I'll stage you back to first no matter what anyone else says."

    Nalpac says, "But a massive sleeper"

    Vaile says to Siara, "Except you."

    Kyrinne asks, "What about bonds who say they are leaving and then come back, rerolls or otherwise?"

    Siara says, "The original bond needs to be dead/gone."

    Nalpac says, "So me and Aliyah will have no problems, not to seem to make you repeat yourself"

    Siara says, "As Vaile already said, if you believe your bond is gone you need to contact us and ask what you should do."

    Oake asks, "What about bonds who go and come like the sun?"

    Vaile says to Kyrinne, "It's a different situation each time, and one we are willing to discuss on a one to one basis should it arise."

    Siara says, "And worst comes to worst we set up a meeting and try to work it out."

    Vaile says, "Had an event like that a few weeks ago, something we're more then willing to deal with and be fair on."

    Titanium asks Oake, "Kinda like a big black yo-yo?"

    Oake says to Titanium, "Yo-yo.. yes.. somewhat."

    Kento says to Titanium, "Nice riddle"

    Vaile says, "You pay for this, and have a right to the happiness of your character, we just want to make sure the RP rules don't get thrown out the window, because that's one of the few things that really sets us apart from every other game out there."

    Rosalie says, "Couldn't help it"

    Vaile says to Dyaminda, "You're up next, go ahead."

    Rosalie says, "It was just to easy"

    Dyaminda says, "My question was answered earlier"

    Vaile exclaims to Glinka, "You're up!"

    Glinka asks, " If Secians are Orderly, and they dislike Muats, do they feel less empathy for entropics, or chaotics, like Taathians?"

    Vaile says, "Just Muats, something that happened to the race long ago, and has just been an accepted thing ever since."

    Glinka says, "Thank you"

    Titanium asks Siara, "Can I go kill them real quick?"

    Vaile says, "Interestingly enough, Muats once used to be a race alot like Secians, but bigger "

    Shivaya asks, "Does that mean we as Secians can attack Muats since we have no empathy for them?"

    Shivaya says, "Aside from the fact we'd die"

    Siara asks Titanium, "How's that?"

    Vaile says, "Yes, though you shouldn't unless you feel the need to."

    Kento says, "oops"

    Rosalie says, "Aside from that, sure, have a ball"

    Titanium says to Siara, "It works. Less violent than my solution."

    Oake says, "Let me just warn you.. They have killer spells if you attack them."

    Vaile asks Oake, "You're up, how's the list comin? "

    Oake asks, "Could you expand more on this goblinizing thing? It seems almost a myth."

    Lilkin says to Lapiz, "This is the last one too, store is all out"

    Glinka says, "I seen it happen"

    Oake says, "All I hear when a Secian acts up is "Gobbie""

    Oake says to Titanium, "Not referencing you, earlier.. I mean, in game, in general."

    Kyrinne says to Oake, "Used to be newts"

    Titanium says to Oake, "If more people had seen then happen they might mean something."

    Vaile says, "Basically when a Secian, as they have about the most strict RP rules around, goes all out against those rules, they go poof."

    Vaile says, "And something green appears in their place."

    Oake asks, "When did it happen? Why? I'm afraid to blink to the wrong way lest I turn green, is what I mean."

    Oake says, "Slight exaggeration, but.."

    Vaile says, "I've had this asked before, it happens VERY VERY rarely, when someone is totally out to ruin the RP of the race."

    Kyrinne asks Vaile, "Does the Gobbie-to-be get warned first?"

    Vaile says, "A kill happy Secian running around, etc."

    Vaile says, "Always give people warnings."

    Oake asks, "So getting angry and telling someone off isn't going to turn Oake into a wingless vile creature?"

    Vaile says, "Always, unless they are some snert just out to cause trouble, and then we normally lock the account"

    Siara says, "And I'm rather against gobbification."

    Siara says, "I've changed it to Humanization."

    Bodkin asks, "Why sayz gobbied like itz bad thing?

    " Vaile says to Oake, "Gods no, getting angry and telling someone off is perfectly fine, Secians are not happy all the time."

    Siara says to Bodkin, "That's why I don't like it."

    Dyaminda says to Shivaya, "You've nothing to worry about my sweet one"

    Oake says, "OK. I still try not to, but. ahem."

    Titanium says, "A 1 foot tall human. Interesting."

    Lilkin exclaims to Siara, "No change them to a Human with their OR/DR but leave them Secian sized!"

    Oake says, "Next question..."

    Siara says, "It's not fair to make all of the bad roleplayers gobbies."

    Nalpac asks, "Munchkins?"

    Kento says, "Should leave them as newts..."

    Vaile says, "New rule is make them Humans"

    Siara says, "Humans makes much more since."

    Oake asks, "What about Secians using weapons/being martial artists?"

    Kyrinne says, "How appropriate"

    Shivaya says, "Make them pets"

    Ees says, "I think making the potatoes would work"

    Kento says, "Lousy humans.."

    Oake says, "Even on undead.. I'm standing there, beating the crap out of a ghost."

    Siara says to Kyrinne, "I thought so."

    Vaile says, "Again fine, but Secians are magick in nature, and far more prone to use magick."

    Rosalie says, "Make 'em Orks and have Bushwig drag 'em around"

    Oake says, "But undead is so resistant."

    Zerwyn asks Oake, "A ghost has crap to beat out of it?"

    Nalpac says to Rosalie, "He is up to armsmasters now"

    Shivaya says, "Nothing is coming between me and my man-catcher"

    Lilkin says to Vaile, "Almost none of them higher then what we hunt in the early teens can be hit with magic"

    Vaile says, "We'll change that too with the NMS when never ending pulsing damage spells go away so you can't hit the critter and run out of the room for a week."

    Rosalie says, "He's gonna be up to his neck at the rate things are going"

    Rosalie says, "Anyway, nighty night time for me"

    Oake asks, "I am having difficulty seeing Oake as orderly, her life and the lives of Secians is hugely chaotic. Could you perhaps expand along those lines for me?"

    Vaile says, "Partly why resistance is where it is."

    Lilkin says to Vaile, "Took me 20 minutes to bring down a corpse with headbuts."

    Vaile says, "Orderly basically means you will always do the same thing when prevented with a situation, about the best definition I can give."

    Titanium says, "I can't see a 1 foot tall person doing much damage with headbutts."

    Vaile says, "You are predictability to the T."

    Ees says to Lilkin, "If you didn't have turn you'd be wiffing them with MA in the low 20s still so it's not so bad"

    Oake says, "So it is wrong to sometimes feel hurt by fighting in TS, and sometimes not minding."

    Zerwyn says to Titanium, "Would make the corpse look like a golf-ball head..."

    Vaile says, "Ted the Thug walks up to you and pinches your nose, as a Secian you will always respond the same way to Ted. If you were a San, one time you might pinch his, or kill him, or hug him, or give him money, or run, etc."

    Glinka asks, "And if you are dark orderly?"

    Vaile says to Oake, "The choice is yours, but true order is going to respond the same for the most part."

    Nalpac asks, "San are chaotic?"

    Vaile says, "Dark is silly, ignore it "

    Myrddin says, "You act the same, then go cast a chaotic spell at an undead beastie."

    Glinka says, "I like it"

    Ees says, "Vilkin handing out gold for nose pinching"

    Oake says, "I will try. Alot of what I do with Oake is simply... be her... though, and she's so varied. I'm not sure if I could."

    Shivaya asks, "Oh is it alright for us to cast a spell such as Chaos Strength Web?"

    Lapiz says, "I helped a skellie to get revenge on Sweetie... made me feel better"

    Vaile says, "Sure, that stuff is all silly"

    Vaile says, "Could I get into the code, I'd remove it all right now."

    Oake asks, "But.. it doesn't hurt turning and prayers?"

    Vaile says, "Think it may, again something we can't anything about"

    Shivaya asks, "It's within RP to cast a chaotic spell?"

    Myrddin says, "Clerics are the only ones who have to worry about that."

    Shivaya asks, "I mean not a chaotic one but with the chaos rune?"

    Ees says, "Seemed to mess my turning up a fair amount"

    Oake asks, "Could you expand on what the OSL is supposed to be and what it means to RP? Is this something most Secians should be a part of, or? (almost done, sorry)"

    Vaile says, "Those are all problems built into an inherently screwed to hell magick system"

    Vaile says to Oake, "I don't have a clue on that one, have nothing to do with player groups but the Flerians."

    Nalpac says, "Thought it was a result of a million lines of spaghetti logic"

    Oake says, "OK"

    Siara says, "The OSL is a player group."

    Becks says to Nalpac, "I deal with that all day"

    Oake says, "Two left."

    Zerwyn says to Vaile, "No wonder your so short...Flerians..."

    Kento says, "Naw it's due to Drunk people like Tasem working the systems.."

    Oake asks, "What is PK'ing?"

    Vaile says, "Player killing"

    Siara says, "Player killing"

    Oake says, "And finally, ..."

    Shivaya says, "I miss Machu Picchu"

    Becks says to Kento, "It's Programmers who don't care how they get the job done"

    Oake says, "I was told there'd be chocolate served tonight. Seeing and smelling none, I'm miffed."

    Oake says, "Finito."

    Kento says to Becks, "I was saying it the nice way.."

    Zerwyn says to Oake, "We're all on a sweets diet anywho.."

    Audra says, "Am not"

    Oake says to Zerwyn, "Speak for yourself.. chocolate has that love chemical in it."

    Becks says to Kento, "I'm blunt and cynical about everything these days"

    Kento says to Zerwyn, "So I've heard"

    Myrddin says to Becks, "It's closer to the programmers not being paid and doing things in their free time."

    Vaile says, "Sadly, I'm needed in a meeting that I'm running late for here, and I need to rush out the door so I'll hand things over to Siara here, if you want to be added onto the now empty list please just let her know, and she and Myrddin will help with your"

    Vaile says, "Questions."

    Oake says to Vaile, "Thank you"

    Vaile says to Siara, "Titanium is the last one I had down to go now, should be his turn "

    Kyrinne says to Vaile, "Thanks"

    Illata asks Siara, "Now?"

    Siara says, "Illata has a comment if that's OK Titanium."

    Lapiz says to Vaile, "Thank you"

    Kento says to Vaile, "Thank you"

    Siara says to Illata, "Go ahead."

    Illata says, "I just wanted to say the OSL is just another RP choice.. if you want to be involved in a group of like minded Secians.. nothing more."

    Myrddin says, "I'll just sit here and look good since she's the queen."

    Vaile exclaims, "Thanks to ALL of you for showing up, and best of luck with your RP'ing!!! You Secians are doing a wonderful job as of late, really wanted to make sure that gets thrown out "

    Becks exclaims to Vaile, "Change back Secian transfer!"

    Vaile exclaims, "Have fun!"

    Siara asks, "Any other questions?"

    Lilkin asks, "Is it BAD roleplaying to push someone around being playfull?"

    Siara asks Titanium, "You want to go last?"

    Titanium says, "No, now is fine."

    Siara says, "Go ahead."

    Myrddin says to Nalpac, "You're born with max dosage of reduxa. Wouldn't do a bit of good."

    Titanium says, "Elders can't kill me for causing this kind of trouble, hopefully...."

    Titanium asks, "Kind of on the line of my earlier question. Would it be acceptable, then for a dragon of whatever stage to marry outside it's race?"

    Titanium says to Dyaminda, "Hang with me."

    Siara says, "Well..."

    Siara says, "That's a tough question..."

    Lilkin says, "I thought Dragons were not prone to marry."

    Nalpac says to Lilkin, "Mate for life"

    Kento says, "At least til your 4th I thought"

    Kento says, "Or 3rd"

    Glinka says, "Marry means religion"

    Titanium says to Siara, "Unfortunately Vaile left and gave it to you. It's meant to be."

    Siara says, "I will once again point to our, Anyone can marry anyone but no kids policy."

    Siara says, "Dracos are supposed to be children."

    Siara says, "So those kinds of thoughts don't really make sense."

    Myrddin says, "Drakes teenagers roughly.."

    Titanium says, "Okay, then I have a question that's even more difficult."

    Kento asks, "So Platinum is a teen?"

    Siara says, "And as Dragons grow up they're less likely to take an interest in other races."

    Kento asks, "And I am an old man?"

    Dyaminda says, "We aren't supposed to be sexually mature till third stage "

    Siara says, "Best answer I can give ya."

    Siara says, "Right."

    Nalpac says to Kento, "You will have to teach him about the birds and the bees"

    Windfury says, "But teenagers are sexually charged..."

    Oake asks Titanium, "So uh .. what was that "look" the other night?"

    Kento says to Nalpac, "Good idea"

    Oake says to Windfury, "HUMAN teens."

    Windfury says, "Oake..oh..."

    Oake says, "And damned if they aren't illegal."

    Myrddin says, "Think of them as tadpoles until third stage when it comes to the sexual stuff."

    Windfury mumbles darn, can't flirt with Aeslyn no more.

    Shivaya asks, "How do dragons mate anyway?"

    Oake says, "Scary stuff"

    Ees says, "They don't even have the equipment"

    Titanium says, "I wonder why Dgate is so swayed to allow such poor RP of allowing the marrying of opposite species, when it's obvious that Dgate is about RP. Perhaps if relationships were restricted to set "kid-allowable" combinations, we would look less like ..."

    Titanium says, "A MUCK and more like a serious RP game."

    Lapiz asks Titanium, "How do ya really feel on that?"

    Titanium says, "We wouldn't have situations ALA Kissinda."

    Kyrinne says to Titanium, "I'm with you on that one"

    Nalpac says, "I agree, must be some restrictions"

    Kento says, "It's kind of silly for a Secian to be married to a Thug.."

    Siara says, "I'll point you to the "We can't force people to roleplay" clause..."

    Illata says to Titanium, "I'd have to agree"

    Kyrinne exclaims, "Sexless marriages! Yikes! Who'd want one?"

    Ees says, "Just need to use more IC racial pressure"

    Nalpac asks Siara, "But the church can deny it?"

    Oake exclaims to Kyrinne, "Bite thy tongue!"

    Siara says, "I mean, we can tell people... that's stupid roleplay but we can't kick people out for that kind of thing."

    Zerwyn asks Nalpac, "That'd be one key to me....who'd marry them in the first place?"

    Siara says to Nalpac, "Certain temples, yes. Rinanni likes love of any kind."

    Myrddin says, "We do the best we can with what we're given. But we're not here to be the morality police."

    Ees says, "I beat Landoo out of the Kissyfoofoo thing"

    Glinka asks, "Any Cleric?"

    Dyaminda says, "But you can highly discourage it"

    Nalpac says, "But Rinanni would not marry a San and a Dragon"

    Oake says to Ees, "And I haven't seen him since."

    Titanium says, "I'm not asking for a moral game. Everyone knows I'm no choir boy."

    Myrddin says to Dyaminda, "We do quite a bit."

    Nalpac says, "Or a Dragon and Secian"

    Ees says to Oake, "His parents kick em off"

    Myrddin says, "But ultimately the best enforcers of roleplay are you, the players."

    Shivaya asks, "What about a Rinannian and a Taathian to top it off getting married?"

    Titanium says, "I just wish that players wouldn't have to wake up one day and find two char's on his/her desk or in their house."

    Siara says, "We really count on the players to enforce those kinds of things."

    Nalpac asks, "You mean keep out cyber?"

    Nalpac says, "I agree"

    Lapiz says, "Me too"

    Siara says to Titanium, "I'd have to agree with you on that one."

    Titanium says to Siara, "So you can't lock them out. But if you want the players to enforce it, then make a stance to the players that it's wrong and not acceptable, which is what you did."

    Kento says, "Players don't exactly like to listen to all players"

    Illata says, "People like to do what they want"

    Oake asks, "Could you not run a mini-scenario changing their character to one or the other's race?"

    Dyaminda says, "That's true enough"

    Siara says to Titanium, "I don't recall doing that."

    Zerwyn says to Kento, "They don't listen to have the staff all the time either."

    Glinka says, "Maybe if marriages were condoned by a gold emblem, like the noble one..."

    Kento says to Zerwyn, "Unfortunately.."

    Zerwyn says to Kento, "Very unfortunately."

    Titanium asks Siara, "When I first asked my question, I was told it is acceptable for mismatched species to marry. Why can't you say it's wrong, but the players have to handle it?"

    Kyrinne says, "I think it would be good for staff to take a stance, just so it's clear with the ideal is. It's up the player to ultimately make the choice anyway"

    Illata says, "Amen"

    Siara says, "Because Darrin and therefore Mythic says it's OK for anyone to marry anyone. Just no kids."

    Nalpac asks Kyrinne, "Lets get married?"

    Oake says, "Then we'll also have people griping about the staff setting down "fine lines""

    Myrddin says, "Because not all cases of it are wrong."

    Kyrinne exclaims to Nalpac, "Never!"

    Titanium says, "Anything for a buck, in other words."

    Siara says, "No I wouldn't say that at all."

    Becks says, "Without the buck there is no game though

    " Ees says, "It's hard to take a stand against interracial marriage because it can taken the wrong way in today's over PC world"

    Lapiz says, "Wouldn't marry in Dgate for a hundred tokens... well maybe a thousand"

    Kento says to Nalpac, "sorry..she's with me."

    Myrddin says to Titanium, "We can't know for certain why they make some of the rules they do."

    Kyrinne says to Ees, "This isn't RL"

    Myrddin says, "Same rules were in place when the game was free other than the AOL monthly access fee."

    Lapiz asks Kyrinne, "Thank goodness what fun would that be?"

    Illata says to Ees, "That would make sense if we were all the same species"

    Nalpac says, "People expect 20th century law system here too heh"

    Ees says to Kyrinne, "People get accused of being RL racist for writing fiction.. it happens"

    Siara says, "People can fall in love across races, they can call it marriage, but it's only marriage if the community recognizes it as such."

    Kento says to Myrddin, "But that was a loong time ago..never to return..ever..ever.."

    Kyrinne says to Ees, "I am against PC bull"

    Oake says, "I think I understand what Ees is saying."

    Titanium asks, "I agree. And when the elders say it's acceptable, what are we to do?"

    Myrddin says to Kento, "Doesn't mean things that happened during the time aren't any less valid."

    Illata says to Titanium, "Get used to being called racist and unfeeling"

    Titanium says, "The few of us that are unwilling to accept it, look like unmovable prudes."

    Siara says, "I don't know that we're saying it's a good thing and giving our approval. I'm not going to penalize someone for it though."

    Glinka asks, "Have temple leaders Only have access to marriage rings?"

    Dyaminda says, "But inter racial and inter species are two very different things"

    Kento says to Myrddin, "True. I agree."

    Ees says, "It's one of the reasons racial hatreds get a little watered down is people putting their modern tolerant views on everything"

    Shivaya says to Dyaminda, "Yes. Like me marrying my pet."

    Titanium says to Ees, "And religious RP."

    Oake says, "Some inter-race marriages are well played out. Stanrar and Alynia, for instance, RP'ed out having difficulties, due to the different races birthing one."

    Titanium says to Siara, "I've irritated you enough for the night, I'm done."

    Siara says, "Well some races are compatible."

    Kento asks, "They took it out?"

    Oake says, "No doubt. I'm half the healer now that I was."

    Bodkin says to Kento, "Yooz fingur notz az long no moor"

    Siara says to Oake, "Working on that, but I don't think I'm going to win "

    Lilkin says, "Half, I am more prone to die when trying to heal now"

    Kento says, "Ahh"

    Fawnna says to Oake, "Hmmm... half of zero is still zero, so I'm still the same"

    Oake says to Siara, "We'll help."

    Kyrinne says, "Secians and Arachs seem like the two pretty damn hard to mate with anyone else kind of races"

    Oake asks, "What can we do? petition? Boycott?"

    Kyrinne says, "The rest are at least believable"

    Siara says, "OK Glinka you're next."

    Glinka says, "Here we go"

    Glinka asks, "Does anyone have any comments on Secians being too...:childish"?"

    Siara says, "Yes, it annoys me."

    Fawnna says to Glinka, "Nothing I'd say outloud"

    Nalpac says to Glinka, "Not childish, another thing"

    Glinka asks, "Too happy?"

    Oake says, "Some are, but I'd say there was one, why can I not remember her name... she spoke... almost childish, but it was obvious she wasn't RP'ing childish."

    Lilkin asks Glinka, "Playful you mean?"

    Becks says to Oake, "Darrin himself stated on a post that he's open to having it ranged, the closer you are to the person your healing, the better you heal them"

    Glinka says, "Was just curious"

    Shivaya says to Becks, "I died yesterday because I healed someone and they ran out of the room and left me with the monster"

    Oake says, "I mean like... oh, people were playing around, and in a good-natured way, she said, "Okies, you, issa had enuffs. I'm outta here"."

    Siara says to Glinka, "There is childlike and childish.. the later I don't like."

    Oake says, "Or something."

    Shivaya says, "Sitting there with Low CON"

    Myrddin says, "First one of ya starts talking like Jar Jar Binks and I throw a hissy."

    Glinka asks, "Baby talk is childish?"

    Kyrinne says to Oake, "The speech was soooo bad before..."

    Nalpac says to Myrddin, "Mesa not Jar Jar Binks"

    Kyrinne says, "I couldn't understand half the Secians"

    Audra says to Myrddin, "Ack, no, Jar Jar must die"

    Siara says, "The Secian race as a whole at one time spoke like children. It was the norm."

    Oake says to Kyrinne, "She handled it in a good way I think though. Not.. well.. she wasn't RP'ing like she was a baby. It made me think about working on my speech in RP."

    Oake says, "But I've no idea where to start."

    Nalpac says, "Wow"

    Kento says, "That's a powerful hissy fit.."

    Nalpac says, "No jar jar around him"

    Lapiz asks Myrddin, "Can you show me how to weave that one?"

    Siara says, "I mean I've always liked Kento's accent"

    Kento says to Siara, "I love you.."

    Oake asks, "Can you imagine the effort put into that?"

    Siara says, "Few others I can't think of at the moment."

    Becks says to Nalpac, "I got nailed for over 6000 last Sunday"

    Kyrinne says to Siara, "Yep, his is easy to understand"

    Fawnna says, "Benni has a cute accent"

    Kyrinne says, "Sprit too"

    Kento says, "I like Benni's"

    Siara says, "It's more their actions and what they say, then how they say it."

    Bodkin says, "Yooz kin alwayz bez gobbo if wuntz tawk funnee, wez all weerdoz"

    Glinka says, "I guess we are growing up as a race"

    Zerwyn says, "Thank Sa."

    Lapiz asks, "So is it childish or childlike that Lapiz loves rumbles?"

    Shivaya says, "I can't help but not like the way the one whospeakslikethiswhenhetalks"

    Oake says, "I don't want to talk funny, I just want to talk.. more.. DGateish. I sound so y2k so much."

    Nalpac says to Lapiz, "Makes my day when you do it"

    Siara says, "And I don't mean that they have to be serious all the time. Hide and go seek games are fun. No reason to stop those."

    Myrddin says, "Tinkspeak."

    Oake says, "Glinka for instance.. has her special way of talking. The y's and whatnot."

    Siara says, "I likeTinkspeak."

    Illata asks, "Do we dare bring up sugar?"

    Zerwyn says, "Ebil.."

    Myrddin says to Siara,"ItmakesmefeellikeIoverdosedoncaffieneandsugar."

    Siara says to Oake, "I like that very much. Dragonds and all that."

    Oake asks, "So, could Oake just turn around and start using a different way of speaking? I wouldn't want to copy her straight out."

    Siara says, "Make it a slow shift."

    Lilkin says to Oake, "'Tis natural to pick up a few words hear and there..."

    Illata says to Oake, "And have a reason for it"

    Fawnna says, "Emma has a cute way of speaking"

    Ees says, "Tongue injury"

    Siara says, "If you admire something there's nothing wrong with imitation."

    Oake says, "It feels weird to see people doing Oake things."

    Kento says, "Well if they start wearing what you wear and eating what you eat...maybe.."

    Shivaya exclaims to Fawnna, "Gravy! :P" Myrddin says, "A slow shift makes it barely noticeable. Some of the more famous accents in the game grew with the characters. I can recall Yulin speaking perfect English when he was a wee twig of a Fir Elf."

    Fawnna says, "Heh"

    Lapiz says, "Imitation is a form of flattery"

    Glinka asks, "Anymore RP actions coming?..all this giggling is makin my face hurt"

    Oake asks, "Where would I learn though? Just watching others?"

    Kento asks, "Yeah would you believe Yulin and I were named one of the most annoying accents?"

    Thono asks, "RP meeting still going on?"

    Kento says, "Hrmph..."

    Siara says, "Send it suggestions and I'll send them on to Roy and Darrin."

    Lilkin says, "I like my shiver message when I hide..."

    Corian says, "It is impossible to not be imitating some sort of RolePlay. You see something you like, and you incorporate it into your character.."

    Shivaya says to Kento, "Now you bask in the limelight"

    Illata says to Kento, "I only get frustrated at accents in scrolls"

    Oake says, "Oh, I meant I felt weird in a scary sort of way."

    Siara says to Illata, "Posts are difficult."

    Corian says, "So long as you add a little bit of "Oake" into it, you are OK"

    Oake says, "By the way."

    Kyrinne asks Illata, "They have an accent and spell badly?"

    Siara says to Illata, "Depends on how you view the boards. As a conversation or as written words."

    Illata says to Siara, "If it makes the reading difficult, it should be considered carefully"

    Siara asks, "OK, Glinka are you done?"

    Glinka exclaims, "Done!..sorries"

    Oake says, "Irv "taught" me a bit of Drag-al, that was a neat way of speaking, but only he and I understood each other."

    Balor says, "Just looking for sacrificing tips"

    Balor says, "Don't mind me"

    Siara asks, "Ees?"

    Thono says to Balor, "Wings first, and its all just plucking from there"

    Zerwyn says to Balor, "Never do."

    Lapiz asks, "Might I suggest practicing on your own... before bothering us with imperfect skills?"

    Corian says, "I like skewers."

    Ees asks Siara, "Ah an enforcer of Elindales will I take people fighting as a predator pray thing sometimes and don't heal..is that valid?"

    Oake asks Lapiz, "Speaking you mean? or Balor?"

    Nalpac says, "Do not disrupt our meeting"

    Glinka says, "I remember a Balor as a Secian..."

    Lapiz says, "Balor"

    Balor says to Kyrinne, "Bleh, You were the first of only 3 I have killed and they were all in the temple"

    Siara says, "Elindalians protect the forest and the animals within. I don't see that in what you asked."

    Ees asks Siara, "The circle of life and death.. is it natural for the races of Spur to prey on one another?"

    Oake asks Ees, "Viewing battles as a naturally occurring skirmish?"

    Siara says, "I'd say no."

    Dyaminda asks Myrddin, "Can I eat the Flerian?"

    Ees says to Oake, "The whole survival of the fittest the same as in nature... I don't think a follower of Elindale would save a rabbit from a wolf"

    Siara asks Ees, "All done?"

    Myrddin says to Dyaminda, "No."

    Siara says, "Religion roleplay meetings are coming up"

    Dyaminda says, "aah"

    Myrddin says to Dyaminda, "My midnight snack."

    Ees says to Siara, "How about actively disliking the undead"

    Shivaya says, "The religion ones are gonna be great"

    Siara says to Ees, "Yes,"

    Siara says to Nalpac, "You're next."

    Ees says to Siara, "I know some call it releasing but Ees has always seen it as destroying something unnatural"

    Illata says to Nalpac, "The most loved and the most hated race"

    Becks exclaims to Nalpac, "Restoring Secian transfer is item 1 all else is secondary!"

    Nalpac says, "If you have a friend who is abusive, or hit you often"

    Nalpac says, "Or once threatened you with a knife"

    Becks says to Kento, "I'll make that number 2 on my list"

    Nalpac asks, "Would you stay near that person?"

    Lapiz says, "Or slaps you all the time"

    Nalpac says, "Why do some Secians"

    Bodkin asks, "Iz deyz rich?"

    Oake says, "Love."

    Nalpac says, "Go around those people who are most likely to harm them"

    Audra says, "I do because I try to make Audra look for the good in all people"

    Siara says, "Well you say me, and then switch to Secians..."

    Glinka says, "Masochism"

    Siara says, "I'm very different from a Secian."

    Nalpac says, "That is called codependency"

    Nalpac says, "And not a part of love"

    Siara says, "Can't bring modern beliefs into our world."

    Siara says, "Secians are trusting."

    Nalpac asks, "Is there not a point where a Secian can stop trying to

    Nalpac asks, "Even of sweetie?"

    Oake asks, "Who?"

    Nalpac says, "That is not by any means normal behavior"

    Siara says, "Certainly a Secian can reach a point where they will no longer help someone."

    Siara asks Nalpac, "What do you mean by normal?"

    Dyaminda says, "Or trust someone who constantly threatens them"

    Myrddin says, "For a human, yes. Secians aren't human."

    Ees says, "They should take the mention of Hypoxia out of a room description on the hill that goes to Rathan"

    Glinka says, "How many women get beaten by their husbands, ..and stay with them"

    Nalpac asks, "But yet Secians constantly put themselves at risk with her and others?"

    Myrddin says, "Other than Muats, a Secian probably should see the best in everyone."

    Siara says, "As I said, Secians are trusting, quick to see the good in anyone."

    Kento says, "Which led to the dreadful Muat hating saga"

    Nalpac asks Glinka, "Called codependency, 'tis not right is it?"

    Kyrinne says, "I think Secians would learn not to put their hand on the hot stove after a few burn marks"

    Lapiz says, "Well but in some places like tsc... we would get lonely if we could never go there for fear"

    Nalpac says to Kyrinne, "Yet they still do"

    Lapiz says, "But i can see leaving when she shows up"

    Nalpac says, "Thinking it will not happen to them"

    Ees says to Kyrinne, "Some people have to have their hand burned off first"

    Nalpac says, "That is my question"

    Siara says, "I mean, if it happened enough times they can give up on someone."

    Glinka asks, "A personal choice?"

    Siara says, "Again, it depends on the Secian."

    Myrddin asks, "But who's to say what their limit is?"

    Balor says, "I don't see Secians living in fear just because someone dangerous is near. That would greatly restrict them from being in Spur"

    Siara says, "Each Secian is and should be different."

    Balor asks, "Dangerous people are always around. Should they move to Treehaven?"

    Zerwyn says, "Thank Sa for that."

    Nalpac says, "I did not say living in fear"

    Shivaya asks Balor, "The dangerous people? YES"

    Nalpac says, "I said why do some keep going back to get their hands burned, as it was"

    Ees says, "Most Secians are probably always expecting not to be attacked until they are no matter the persons past violent history"

    Lapiz asks Nalpac, "I think you mean... by staying around and interacting knowing they will get hurt?"

    Dyaminda says, "Or get others hurt by their actions"

    Nalpac says, "I would think being empathic a Secian would avoid violent people"

    Oake says, "Too, it is hard to tell with Sweeties chaotic roleplaying. You don't know if she's really being nice or has a malicious knife behind her back."

    Audra says, "The thing is..."

    Siara says, "If the Secian is a complete pacifist and cannot even comprehend violence in the world than yeah they would keep going back and trying."

    Audra says, "Yes, that"

    Myrddin says, "But they don't know, none of us are prophets who see the future. Sweetie doesn't harm all Secians, and she's not violent all the time."

    Balor says to Nalpac, "True, but violence is a form of pain that perhaps a Secian would like to change"

    Oake says, "She DID give me Tolian's wings, after all." Nalpac says, "She was an example"

    Kento says, "Never really hurt Kento.."

    Kento says, "She gave him a necklace."

    Lapiz says, "She dragged me off once... then said just kidding and lead me back"

    Siara says, "Sweetie's actions change minute to minute. One minute she is buying a Secian a gift, the next doing them harm."

    Kyrinne says, "Secians have a desire to live I would think. Their own life means something"

    Nalpac says, "See it happen with other people, used Sweetie as an example"

    Oake says, "Ordered the Taaths to kill me."

    Oake says to Balor, "Watch the hands, buster."

    Balor says, "Good thing this is OOC"

    Shivaya says to Balor, "We're not stupid"

    Oake asks Kento, "Fidgets?"

    Siara says, "Some Secians who recognize that there is evil and violence in the world would decide to avoid people like Sweetie rather quickly. Those who are more trusting and "innocent" would give it more tries."

    Kento says to Oake, "Poet."

    Oake asks Kento, "Er, Fidgets?"

    Oake says, "Ah.."

    Oake says, "Amazing.. those posts."

    Corian says, "As a side comment. They may not be able to comprehend violence, until it happens, but they ought to be able to recognize the mentally deranged."

    Kento says to Oake, "Speaks entirely in rhyme"

    Kyrinne asks Corian, "Criminally insane too?"

    Lapiz says, "Being sacrificed on the Taathian altar taught Lapiz how to pray for sanctuary... that was good"

    Oake says to Kento, "I'm not talented enough. I tried a Gobbie that way. Didn't make it past the practice target room."

    Corian says, "Yep, any similarities to names previously mentioned is purely coincidental."

    Kento says to Oake, "He is more talented than I have ever seen"

    Kento says to Oake, "I love his work."

    Siara asks Nalpac, "Done?"

    Oake says, "I wonder if it comes naturally, of if they work at it."

    Nalpac says, "Aye"

    Siara says to Illata, "Go ahead."

    Nalpac says, "Still not sure it made any sense though"

    Glinka says, "Be back, bond is here"

    Kento says to Oake, "Not to sure.."

    Illata asks Siara, "I have been very concerned about the few cases where a Secian or Dragon has announced they are leaving for good.. in some cases deleted, then returned to claim the bond as if nothing happened.. any thoughts? "

    Illata says, "And I'm not referring specifically to the most recent case"

    Siara says, "I don't like it either, and we pretty much take it case by case and try to work things out."

    Illata says, "It just seems it puts players in a no win situation"

    Siara says, "I mean, we are dealing with Humans behind the characters."

    Siara says, "I'd hate to see anyone's time ruined because of such a situation."

    Illata says, "Thank you, that is all"

    Siara says, "So, like I said, we usually call a meeting to work things out if it gets bad."

    Siara asks Balor, "Comment?"

    Oake asks, "How do you know when it is bad?"

    Balor says, "I have missed much of the meeting, so I hope this hasn't been brought up"

    Nalpac says, "Funny looking Secian"

    Siara says to Oake, "When there are downright nasty posts on the boards and my mailbox is full."

    Lapiz says to Nalpac, "Just jealous... wants to be one"

    Balor asks, "I have always wondered about a whiny, foul mouthed insulting Secian. Is that too far out of the nature to exist?"

    Kento says to Balor, "It's been done"

    Nalpac says, "Aye"

    Nalpac says, "Did not last"

    Oake says, "Hey."

    Myrddin says, "As long as it is AOL's version of foul-mouthed."

    Siara says, "Well... foul mouthed will get you kicked out of the game."

    Balor says, "Secians are generally happy, but I would imagine they can have reason to not be happy at times" Siara says, "Yes, they can be grumpy."

    Kento says, "Like Weldo"

    Siara says, "Thistleroot is a good example of that."

    Oake says, "I narrowed it down some."

    Balor says to Siara, "I don't mean TOS. I mean more as in non-flattering"

    Shivaya says, "Depressed even..."

    Siara says, "Or Weldo on occasion."

    Myrddin says, "Or Cappy."

    Nalpac asks, "Weldo crabby?"

    Oake asks Balor, "You mean mouthy like I get? or worse?"

    Balor says to Oake, "Worse"

    Kento says to Nalpac, "Should hear him on the link"

    Kyrinne asks Balor, "You mean like insulting and rude? Like a viper?"

    Siara says, "Secians can be verbally honest."

    Lilkin says to Oake, "I think he means me "

    Pepperi says, "Frason could be pretty grumpy."

    Domenick asks, "Rude like Sweetie rude ?"

    Nalpac says to Kyrinne, "Like the one that was awake awhile ago I think"

    Pepperi asks, "Why is it always the men?"

    Siara says, "All men, interesting."

    Kento says to Nalpac, "Blacksoul..was kind of strange"

    Oake asks, "Which brings me to my next point... where are all the male Secians?"

    Nalpac says to Kento, "That was it, so close to gobbo"

    Oake says, "Available ones."

    Fawnna says to Oake, "Taken really fast"

    Pepperi says, "They're afraid of being fairies."

    Domenick says, "Male "

    Dyaminda says, "To say the least"

    Siara asks Balor, "Did we answer you?"

    Myrddin exclaims to Siara, "Probably got tired of being attacked and tackled by all the women Secians. A man wants ta be alone once in a while, sheesh!"

    Domenick says, "I am ah single"

    Oake says, "Ooh.. you're taller than me too."

    Kento says, "There is no place in this Spur for us males.."

    Lilkin says, "Almost all the male Secians I have met are hand clerics like myself"

    Domenick says to Oake, "Tall handsome and strong"

    Balor says, "Pretty much. I might try it again. I kept getting rode out on a rail"

    Oake says to Domenick, "And sleepy."

    Lapiz says, "Women are from Mars men are from egoville"

    Siara says, "Secians can't be mean."

    Nalpac says to Balor, "Try a comical insulting one"

    Domenick says to Oake, "Hibernation is good"

    Domenick says to Siara, "I've tried"

    Pepperi says, "I've heard complaints before from some people that it seems like female Secians get doted on a lot more than males, overall."

    Siara says, "Or shouldn't be rather."

    Domenick says, "It don't work"

    Myrddin says to Balor, "Just remember, being mouthy as a Secian means also not being cruel and no lying."

    Oake says, "I thought the males were mobbed by the females."

    Siara asks Fawnna, "Question?"

    Domenick says, "The females are far cuter"

    Nalpac says to Pepperi, "That is because female Secians have a few k in wardrobes"

    Kento asks Oake, "Since when?"

    Fawnna says, "I would like to know how to RP being a "victim" within the constraints of the system. I mean, in most situations we can probably get away, but then we miss out on a really great RP opportunity."

    Balor says to Myrddin, "Well aware of that, I hope others see it that way"

    Siara says, "Well, in an Elder scenario we handle that for you..."

    Nalpac says to Pepperi, "I will have to have a room or 2 in my lair just for Aliyah's clothes"

    Domenick says to Oake, "I am not as sleepy as Weldo"

    Domenick says to Nalpac, "I prefer modest"

    Siara says, "If you mean with other players, well you can roleplay that you can't get away for whatever reason. Hopefully other people will understand."

    Kento says, "How about this..I will send an ad in the next DFC or Spectator for a dating article..example "Kento Tumbler..I like sparklies..long flying on Tanga's beaches.."

    Nalpac says, "Want more elder scenarios heh"

    Oake says, "Ooh yes... a new Secian list:
    Taken/Untaken"

    Domenick says, "That would be nice"

    Siara asks Fawnna, "Did that help?"

    Pepperi says, "Chisel my name into the spinster list."

    Nalpac says, "Secian dating service"

    Lilkin says to Oake, "NO I like having girls at my side "

    Fawnna says to Siara, "I think so, thank you"

    Siara asks Lilkin, "Question?"

    Lilkin says, "Is pushing around and dragging a certain nameless khat bad RP'ing. 'Tis much fun and I would hate to give it up"

    Lapiz says, "Lonely heart clerics club"

    Siara says, "Depends on the spirit in which it is done."

    Oake says, "I'm not sure a relationship to RP is something I'd advertise though."

    Oake says, "Advertise for, I mean."

    Nalpac says, "Or pester yer friends to roll up Secians"

    Domenick says to Oake, "I've seen it done"

    Nalpac says, "Secians are cool, Taathians sux"

    Lilkin says, "Well I don't go locking anyone up in jail, just knock them down and drag them for a bit"

    Kento says, "Ha."

    Oake says, "Well, I've Rp'd two relationships so far... and I'm always left behind."

    Pepperi says, "And give it up for those Taathian Secians."

    Balor says, "Just get Vilken's player to roll up a male Secian. That should give all the females something to talk about for a while"

    Siara says to Lilkin, "If it isn't a friend and is done to annoy, I'd say no."

    Myrddin says, "Speaking as someone who's been pushed down and dragged a lot.. if they get upset and ask you to stop doing that, please listen to them."

    Kento asks Pepperi, "Wasn't Trinid a Taath? or was it Trep?"

    Pepperi says, "Traph."

    Nalpac says, "Trinid"

    Pepperi says, "Trinid was just another grumpy one."

    Nalpac says, "He was"

    Kento says, "Or else, be where the hissy fit"

    Oake says to Lilkin, "I don't like being dragged out and left."

    Nalpac asks, "Rinanni?"

    Siara says, "Trinid wasn't Taathian."

    Oake says, "Dragged out and back in isn't so bad."

    Domenick says, "Borus as ah Secian"

    Siara says, "Isn't. He's still around someplace."

    Kento asks, "Really?"

    Kento says, "Wow.."

    Domenick says, "That would be interesting"

    Nalpac says to Siara, "How about something in the fountain to make Taathians become Secians for a day heh"

    Kento says, "That's a lovely scenario"

    Domenick says, "That would be nifty"

    Siara says, "Traph claims he was/tried to be Taathian. I don't know if it's true."

    Bodkin asks Nalpac, "Gimmez sparklee?"

    Balor says to Nalpac, "Don't make me throw a smite"

    Glinka says, "He tried to go over"

    Domenick says to Siara, "Wasn't there ah lil'mean female Secian ah time ago"

    Kento says, "I know Kento was there with one Secian who converted from Taath, not sure who"

    Kento says, "Was a while back"

    Domenick says to Siara, "Though I think she was ah changlin or somethin"

    Lilkin says to Siara, "Would be hard to hold the beliefs of Taath true as well as those of a Secina"

    Nalpac asks, "Someone rezz in tsc?"

    Siara says to Lilkin, "Impossible."

    Lapiz says, "Or give the Taathians an irresistible urge to eat sugar and hug everyone"

    Siara says to Fawnna, "Go ahead."

    Kento asks Domenick, "You mean Tscina?"

    Nalpac asks Oake, "Whom is it?"

    Myrddin says, "Was before Siara and I became elders, no idea if Traph actually became Taathian or if it's one of those Dgate myths."

    Oake asks, "Lickspittle?"

    Fawnna says, "I've always thought that the empathic pain was worse than physical pain and that's why we'd rather take someone's pain than see them in it..."

    Oake says, "Oh.. I have something for that person."

    Kento asks Myrddin, "There was a time before you became elders? What were you before?"

    Fawnna asks, "If that's true, why would a Secian take damage from another Secian knowing they are putting them in more pain?"

    Myrddin says to Kento, "Wee little figments of your imagination."

    Corian says, "Speaking of Taathians and Secians connects another comment earlier in my brain. If you wouldn't mind the RP opportunity to be harassed by Taathians, and the inevitable war between Dragons and Taathians let me know. . ."

    Siara says, "Man, I must be fading because that went right over my head."

    Corian says, "I'm always looking to stir the pot."

    Audra says, "I wouldn't mind"

    Domenick says, "There was almost one the other day"

    Fawnna says to Siara, "I know that was wording confusingly..."

    Glinka says, "Stir away"

    Lapiz says, "On the first day Taath created elders and saw that it was.... well erm"

    Fawnna asks, "Anyone want to help me out here?"

    Domenick says, "When all them big ones came"

    Myrddin asks Fawnna, "Repeat that again?"

    Pepperi says, "I think that gets into a whole weird sadomasochism in the Secian community thing..."

    Shivaya says, "I just don't want to die alot and lose stats"

    Siara says to Lapiz, "I don't think so."

    Kento says, "Ah." Domenick says, "The imperials and Borus got on ah trip"

    Balor says to Shivaya, "That is the problem with wars"

    Siara asks Pepperi, "Corian's question?"

    Domenick says, "Think Taath is doing to much"

    Kento asks, "Yeah what about Unknown?"

    Domenick says, "In my time he has launched numerous assaults on the Spur "

    Pepperi asks, "A Secian healing another Secian would hurt the healed Secian more, because they take more pain from other people's pain than their own?"

    Shivaya says to Balor, "Well if Secians are just going to be murdered I'm not really into that, especially multiple murders"

    Fawnna says, "Maybe it's just me, but I really hate it when another Secian takes my damage when I'm just weakened. I always feel that they have no confidence in my abilities and no consideration for the empathic pain I feel when I take it"

    Pepperi says to Siara, "Fawnna's."

    Siara says, "Oh."

    Kento says, "Reminds me of an episode of a cartoon series or something"

    Siara says, "Hmm, never saw it that way."

    Siara says, "I think it's perfectly acceptable for you to feel that way. I would suggest making it known to other Secians."

    Kyrinne says to Fawnna, "I'm with you on that one, but I'm getting used to it. It just feels strange"

    Fawnna says, "Or maybe I'm just being picky"

    Shivaya says to Fawnna, "I take damage to help out not because I lack confidence in the people I heal"

    Siara says, "Caught me off guard, I've never really thought about it that way."

    Domenick says to Fawnna, "That is why I am ah runemage"

    Kento says, "Just hang a sign around your neck that reads,"If I heal you..no one try and heal me please..I'm a big girl/boy now."

    Domenick says, "I can't stand da pain so I just use my runes to heal them"

    Glinka says, "They used to say, if you don't want to be healed, don't sit in tsc"

    Oake says, "I hate being poor."

    Kyrinne says, "You sit down and before you can lay hands someone else does it"

    Pepperi says, "It's always amusing when a couple of Secians get into a game of transfer tag."

    Balor says to Glinka, "I remember going to TSC just to get healed"

    Domenick says, "Hit ah 54 sec delay the other day sitting down in TSC"

    Domenick says, "Ouch"

    Lapiz asks, "Pass the ouch?"

    Domenick says, "I could disguise faster then that"

    Siara asks Fawnna, "Did we answer your question?"

    Oake says to Kento, "Gee, thanks... I can get that new ring now."

    Siara asks, "Any other questions?"

    Lapiz asks, "About the chocolate?"

    Kento asks, "If your a Queen..where is your King?"

    Lilkin says to Domenick, "Gets worse, wait till you transfer wounds to everypart of your body and heal a Thug, try to bandage yourself and a bunch of low level FA's treat ya. "

    Siara says, "I killed him to take the throne."

    Domenick says to Siara, "What about us that are runemages"

    Balor says to Siara, "Poor Amoragus"

    Domenick says, "I don't know how the magick system has changed"

    Corian says, "Siara keeps killing them."

    Siara says to Balor, "Nah I didn't kill him."

    Kento says, "She's a heartbreaker"

    Domenick says, "But I know some of those spells are to draining for me"

    Balor says to Siara, "Sure you didn't"

    Domenick says, "Even when I get up there I won't be able to cast them"

    Oake says, "Would a Dragon please tell Windfury I'm of Sa, not Rinnani"

    Domenick asks Oake, "Sa you say?"

    Balor asks, "Someone please tell him he's grown up now?"

    Domenick says, "Why so am I "

    Lapiz says to Oake, "But Rinanni would love to have ya"

    Siara says to Domenick, "Not sure what you're asking."

    Domenick says to Siara, "Just asking how it is changing"

    Shivaya says to Lapiz, "No it's RinNINNY"

    Siara asks, "How magick is changing?"

    Kento says to Corian, "You can't be ugly..your in a room full of Secians..we see all beauty"

    Siara says, "That's really a system question not roleplay."

    Domenick says to Siara, "Because some of the runes I can cast are not really slated as being nice and happy"

    Domenick says, "Again open mouth enter thine foot"

    Balor says, "Yes, Excellent question"

    Domenick asks, "Oake, will you help me eat it?"

    Balor asks, "Secians casting chaotic spells. Does that matter anymore?"

    Siara says to Nalpac, "A lot, especially if it's with someone other than your bondmate."

    Shivaya exclaims to Balor, "Nope!"

    Lilkin says to Balor, "Yes it lowers our standing in the temple..."

    Siara says to Balor, "Not really."

    Domenick asks, "We can cast them ?"

    Kento asks Siara, "Oh so there is a slight chance for a Dragon to turn 3rd in this age?"

    Lapiz says to Nalpac, "I will help her"

    Siara says to Balor, "It can effect God relationship."

    Balor asks Siara, "Is it supposed to?"

    Balor asks, "Now?"

    Domenick says, "yup"

    Siara says to Kento, "After NMS and after fixing some other problems with their skills."

    Kento says, "ahh"

    Pepperi asks, "Oooh, you mean the bond still means something?"

    Shivaya says, "There are probably many for that matter"

    Siara says to Pepperi, "Oh yes, even if the bond is dead."

    Dyaminda says to Pepperi, "It sure does to me"

    Shivaya asks Nalpac, "You're a Taathian in another body aren't you?"

    Nalpac says to Shivaya, "Perhaps"

    Shivaya exclaims to Nalpac, "Don't HIDE!"

    Balor says to Lapiz, "Til you walk out the door"

    Pepperi says, "That was rather snide of me."

    Nalpac says, "And another name maybe"

    Pepperi says, "Ooh."

    Siara says to Pepperi, "Good comment."

    Lilkin yells, "Chocolate!"

    Shivaya says, "OOO"

    Audra asks, "Why is it when I have something I'm doing everyone and their grandmother wants a danged rezz?"

    Pepperi asks, "Now we feed these to the Taathians?"

    Domenick says, "Cause it feels funny to glow like that"

    Lapiz exclaims to Myrddin, "Thank you I will never forget!"

    Balor says to Pepperi, "Try it"

    Domenick says to Pepperi, "And they turn into Secians for ah day"

    Nalpac asks, "Lets gather up the Taathians, and force them to eat cake, and watch Barny?"

    Myrddin says, "Cleric's law. No rezzes until you have something else to do or are on the other side of the world."

    Lapiz says, "And dress them in pink"

    Lilkin exclaims, "That's torture even for me!"

    Domenick says to Myrddin, "The other side of the world one is most common"

    Domenick says, "I know I've had people come from Rathan to rezz me near demons"

    Lapiz says, "I love Balor... Balor loves me... we are a happy"

    Pepperi asks, "Welcome to the Church of England...cake or death?"

    Kento says, "Hrmm.."

    Nalpac says, "Like in the movie Clockwork Orange"

    Glinka says, "Cake please"

    Lilkin says, "Clockwork orange"

    Pepperi says, "Er, we're all out of cake."

    Shivaya says, "There goes Audie"

    Kento says, "Death is a bitter tastin cake.."

    Balor says to Corian, "I'd like to talk with you about a scenario involving the death of a Secian"

    Domenick says, "How about doing something with Litorth and his high priest"

    Kento says to Lapiz, "Beware Balor..don't look him straight in the eyes or you'll turn to stone"

    Domenick says, "Like ah cult of fanatic followers"

    Shivaya says to Kento, "No you'll just get a clog in the nose"

    Shivaya says, "A wooden clog"

    Lapiz says, "He is sooooo cute though"

    Domenick says, "That sounds interesting"

    Glinka says, "You must be draineds"

    Domenick says, "People claiming ah Drake to be ah God"

    Lilkin says to Oake, "Picked up an extra one for you since you had somethin to do"

    Siara says, "Well time to call it a meeting."

    Pepperi says, "It's a meeting."

    Kento says to Siara, "Thank you for hosting"

    Domenick says to Lapiz, "That would be harsh"

    Siara says, "Thank you all for being here. Lots of fun."

    Oake exclaims, "All hail Queen Siara!"

    Kento says to Myrddin, "Thanks for your hissy fits.."

    Domenick says to Siara, "Aye thank you for da hosting"

    Kyrinne exclaims to Siara, "Thank you!"

    Kento says to Corian, "And thank you for looking so lovely"

    Domenick says, "Sorry I was so late"

    Dyaminda says, "Thank you"

    Shivaya says to Siara, "Thank you VERY much. It was fun"

    Lapiz says, "Thank you for the help and the chocolate"

    Lunaris says, "I'm baaaack."

    Glinka exclaims, "That was a big help !"

    Domenick says, "Nap time once more"

    Glinka says, "You missed it all"

    Balor says, "Next time I'm in a room full of Secians, I think it will end differently"

    Shivaya says, "Lots of questions answered"


Site Sponsors
sponsor logo sponsor logo sponsor logo WIRED
