 It was a dark and stormy night.Fiesta and Scruple sat drinking with Phannah and Anyah,
 the Inn was cold, and noisy. Suddenly their powdered jelly donut sat forgotten, 
 until Homer walked in.
 "Mmmmm donut" Was all he could reply. Then without warning, 
 Homer left the door and a loud cackling howl sounded from the shadows in one corner.
 The foursome looked around in surprise and said, 

 "Teef! Stop spying on us, we're just having a few drinks, And doing some womanly bonding,"
 Anyah continued as she winked suggestively at the other three.

 It was then Tragick woke up. The matriarach looked around and said,
 "Its time for a song!" and broke out singing, "Always look on the Bright Side of Life!"
 while a group of hithuals whistled in the background.

 Just then a beat up looking clawmaster walks in and glances about.
 He tucks his arm into one of Tragick's and joins in the high kick line.
 Just as they begin to harmonize a strange sound is heard.

 Its another spider looking shocked at the sight of the Matriarach and 
 some "Dathis" khat danceing together! All of the sudden,
 ....Harberthan Belched!

 The dancers were thrown off, the singing stopped, and the arachnians screamed!
 Verbaniah, sitting in a corner fainted dead away.

 Only One being knew what to do... A Smiling Child! With a beaming grin on 
 its cherubic face, the little boy entered the tavern amidst the after effects
 of the apocolyptic belch and walks over to the corner where Verbaniah 
 is passed out. He stares down at her with an evil grin on his face and 
 picked her up and stuffed her roughly into his bloodstained Backpack; 
 At the same time Haberthan glanced over to notice Trinnity walk in and 
 stand beside tragick.

 From the dark corner of the bar, Tony does a running tackle at Haberthan's back,
 squishing Verbaniah.  Just then you hear a muffled shriek come out of the 
 bloodstained backpack.
  Verbaniah's head pops out of the backpack, followed by a small muscular arm
 which 'Thwaps" Tony across the snout!
 Then the lights go out!...and the four women at the table jump Teef! Clothes go flying,
 beer bottles are thrown, and one hits an Arachnian. Silence fills the room as 
 An army of fifteen thousand meeps enter the room, one after the other. As if in response
  to an axe that was thrown into the wall 2 inches above Tony's head.
 
  The fifteen thousand meeps make quick work of everyone in the room. 
 At first there is silence, then a hollow chuckle comes from
  a lone go-blin-al carrying a powder keg on his back, a flaming torch in his hand.
 He raises the torch toward the fuse... When a water mage steps into the room
  and drences the go-blin-al in water along with his torch.

  Suddenly the psychopath secian Namdor translocates into the room and firespheres
 everyone in the room on the butt with old school mighty firespheres!

  The gods looked down and were saddened. They decided to  reincarnate Verbaniah, 
 who jumped from the bloodstained backpack with a shriek...staring wildly at the door,
 where Grimn was standing, with a large crystalized Dragond's egg. Grimn reached into his 
 leopard skin bikini and  .. Namdor fainted into Paratwa's arms as Tony leapt into
 Fiesta's lap! Kraggon reached for his trusty ale mug as Grimn
 lobbed a small black sphere. Then  Was mowed down by the Navy S.E.A.L team for 
 trying to use his bomb! The leader then said..." Secian Empathy And Love members 
 have triumphed again! Back to the boats!..the creature Tyviel'a is comming."

  A hush spread through the Inn.
 Two stealthy women, Ariane and Irilathe, entered followed by Tyviel'a.
 The Imperial flapped it's mighty pinions and shouted, "  Who dare tries to Kill
 the lovely Verbie!!! Feel my wrath mortal fiends of hatred and Malcontent!!!" With a
 great hithual gasp and in shaking fear Kraggon Drops his mug and  ale spills everywhere.
 Such an impossible and horrific sight as spilled ale shocks everyone in the room 
 into stunned silence, including the raging Tyviel'a.

  Tony bolts to his feet and screams, "Arrest that dwarf for committing the crime 
 of alchohol spillage and waste!". He points his finger at Kraggon with tears in his eyes,
  And then begins lapping up the ale off of the floor. With a sigh and a toothy grin Tony
  joins in and then all of a sudden it starts to rain ale for several hours.

  As the ale storm soaks everyone to the skin, Kraggon beams with delight and shouts wildly,
 "Wet Tunic Contest!!". Kraggon begins to dance his famed Lobster Dance, and Tyviel'a suddenly
  Forgets why he was standing there in the first place! In the distance a San Elf screams...

  Everyone runs outside to witness a screaming Kagee, riding down the cobblestone street on
 the back of naked Teef! Grimn screams in outrage, " Yooz izz gonnnz  getz zit wen i's tell Stanrar.
  Though Stanrar is off  cheating on Kagee with a certain fir elf infamous for his colorful turn of expressions.

  Then Syl wakes up and realises that this was all just a bad nightmare, but there was still
 a sense of forboding, because  he can't remember when he wandered into Rinanni's temple.
  Glancing down at his hand, the secian is horrified to see a blood covered knife and lying
 on Rinanni's altar is a dead Muatana-Al. The altar begins to glow a violent purple and
  He runs out of the temple. He stares, transfixed, at the gibbous moon....

 ...After a while he realizes that he's no longer standing outside the temple.

  Instead, all around him is a plain of white clouds where tiny cherubs floats 
 laguidly in midair as they play on tiny harps of gold.
  ' I'm Dreaming again!' , Syl realizes. "Curse that Verbie and her yellow termite fungus!"
 Syl concentrates, chanting...it's only a dream, it's only a dream...

  "When did Syl pass out?" , asks Ariane.
 " Somewhere between the meep invasion and the ale storm", replies Phannah. Verbaniah snickers softly as
 the drag-als and hithuals roll merrily in the pools of ale upon the floor.

 The arachnians gather in a corner as the leuians, perched upon the bar begin to
 do the Leuian dance of happiness. Meanwhile... outside the inn  Chiterix finishes 
 splashing oil on the outside of the bar! With an evil snicker he holds the lit torch and
 all of a sudden stops! Just at the base of the bar he sees an oddly glowing trap door 
 he has never seen before. He glances at the oil-covered bar, he glances at the torch
  and finally, cursing to himself, he steps toward the door...

  But just before he steps through, a loud crash sounds behind his back. He turns around...
  Crax had finally broken into the large keg of Great Divide Ale.

  Instead of finding ale he sees that the barrel has been filled with eyeball soup.
  Drooling wildly, Chitterix flings the torch down and dunks his
 head into the barrel. Scruple, coming out of nowhere, sees
 the torch about to roll into the inn! With a mighty tail swipe she
  knocks the torch at Chiterix, who slaps it at Crax, who throws it to
  Treyfalger who then goes running around tsc with a lit torch in his hand when 
 suddenly out of nowhere  A treasure chest falls out of the sky and narrowly misses his head.

  It lands with a loud crash, spilling cabbit rolls, jelly beans, diamonds, and a
  burned map onto the cobblestones. As Flerians and Secians sing songs of rejoicing, 
 the map is picked up by Xarus, who find that the map is really  a way to get out of 
 this tavern infested by horrifying singing, dancing, bloodthirsty spiders and death.
 
 Just then a giant explosion rocks the building and  Xarus turns around to find Draffat
  sprawled on the floor in a drunken haze while several weakly twitching arms poke out
  from under his robust frame,  and an ancient Leuian runemage leaps out of the shadows!

  Hiding behind his impenetrable steelwood shield, he claws wildly at the big fat Draffut...
  missing every single time! The big beast stands up and  Throws up all over the poor leuian!

  The stench coming From the fat dragon's mouth is so foul that the leuian passes out, just as
  Dathis has discovered climbing out of the glowing trapdoor in the bar. He grins broadly as he holds
  a heavy wooden sword that, oddly, seems to  Talk. It begins by saying  "I killed the wabbit.
  I killed the wabbit!" Dathis stared at the wooden sword and immediately  said 
 "NO you didn't I did, you're only a sword."

  Dathis started wondering why in the hell he was talking to a sword in the first place.
  ALL OF THE SUDDEN  The sword is nolonger a sword, instead it has become 
  A richly embroidered tapestry that falls heavily to the ground. On one end in a
 rich woven scroll that can be vaguely seen : "All ye who step here must take the oath of Orm.
 All ye who speak, will be carried on the other winds". Dathis looks at the carpet and glances
 around to see who else is looking at it. He  Said "Screw this. I'm going back to the temple.
 Stupid insane lakar..." But before he takes a step,  The carpet has changed yet again!
 Before Dathis stands a exotically beautiful leuian woman with the most bewitching eyes.

 Batting those shining orbs at him, she steps forward  and delivers a stunning headbutt,
 knocking Dathis out cold. As he sprawls unconcious on the ground , The leuian grabs Dathis
 by the tail, dragging him off. As she walks away, with Dathis in tow, she begins to shed her
 disguise. She's really  his pet Spot the giant bird eating tarantula.

  The remaining people in the room turn around to go back about their business,
 muttering to themselves darkly. Suddenly, a chill wind blows leaves inside, 
 and outside is heard  Maniacal laughter, followed by a stench so strong it makes
 everyone's eyes water. Kraggon looks through the doorway and screams,

  "Its Soros! He's a lich! By Odarous, he needs a make over!"

  At Kraggon's words, a horde of Secians enter into a psychotic frenzy and 
 literally cover every inch of Soros, babbling and giggling wildly to each others, 
 talking about nothing but sugar, gems, and clothes. Then  Tyviel'a says, 
 "I know what the cause of this entire mess is now. It's that statue of the Ice Demon
 that's in the middle of tsc, and it's troll minions!"

  But before the Imperial can leave to remedy the problem, several wyverns
 descend from the sky. The largest of the group lashes at Tyviel'a with its poison barbed tail,
 and fumbles badly, crashing to the ground with a comical release of wind!
 The other descending wyverns begin laughing uncontrollably before
  The great dragon fries them all with his powerful breath weapon. 

 The Thugians all drool and lick their lips as they stare at the tasty bar-b-que
 and start greedily toward dinner, just as  a herd of trolls start roaming about all of spur.

  High above, in a hot air balloon, High Lord Muck stares down and cackles gleefully
  at the chaos below, but soon  A poorly flung goblin from a catapult below knocks 
 the balloon out of the air. Muck falls screaming from the sky.

  Sen had decided to play with her bow and arrow. This of course causes Kougar
 to raise his shield. She lets loose an arrow and it fly toward Lord Muck hitting
  him in the rear. As he's rubbing his butt from the arrow shot every one comes
 running out of the tavern,  only to be faced by a large herd of stampeding minature 
 flying pink oliphants that just want  to do the Hustle.

  As the stampede comes closer,  Sen's eyes widen seeing these unnatural creatures. 
 She casts the Presence of Elindale in a flash!

  They grow to full sized oliphants and fall from the sky Squishing Sen and teef...
 ...blood splashing everywhere....with a Gasp Syl  turns into a muatana-al and dances
  and bathes joyfully in the spurting blood while visions of sugarplums dance in her head.
 Which causes her two personalities to become puzzled, her head explodes, and she collapses
 in a gruesome heap. Ace Wildcard, dashing reporter, happens upon the scene and begins to wildly
  pretend to scribble something in his notebook as he grabs the coinpurses of all the dead.

 Suddenly, the forming crowd notices him and  they jump him, while the healers bring back the dead,
  Only to have the rezzes to go wrong bringing them back in the form of horrible undead rats. 
 Their squeaking infused with the voices of the damned, the undead rats turn their beady crimson 
 eyes upon the healers,  WHEN SUDDENLY IN THE BAT CAVE!... Thurrg appears wearing a pink tutu !

 
  Realizing that his time is at hand, the Wererat King emerges from the sewers, 
 armed with a elemard-bone lyre. The crowd of drunk Hithuals, make-overing secians,
 undead, giant rats, wyverns, gob-lin-al soldiers, trolls, thieves, burning leuians,
 and meeps stare at him as he begins to sing the Wererat Waltz (to the tune of Ten-A-Cee Waltz):

 "They met ... in the sewers ... in a ruined room.
 They were just two lone gobbies on the run.
 They fell ... in love ...at first sight in the gloom.
 And they would dance to the Wererat Waltz.

 They picked ... just to live ... and lived just to love
 They danced along the tunnels dark and deep
 They would ... forget about ... the tussle above
 And they would dance to the Wererat Waltz

 Most lovers ... stare up ... at the old, cold moon
 But they made love by the glow of eels.
 He gave ... her a ring ... made from a bent spoon
 And they would dance to the Wererat Waltz

 They dined ... by the vents ... of the best inns
 And drank wine from who knows where
 And soon ... they had .... a pack of lil' goblins
 And they all danced to the Wererat Waltz"

  Mael comes running from the direction of the Inn wearing Grimns underpants
 on his head. Mael sweeps Thurrg up and they begin dancing merrily until they
  accidently trample  the zombies then go crazy from listening to the song and 
 start to swarm the were-rat king drooling..

  But before the dual can reach the crazy songster, a rift to Taganoth opens 
 up right before their eyes and swallows the thugians whole...so without hesitation Ormungun 
 starts swinging at the were-rat king and then eats it for dinner once he is finished killing it.


  Seeing the Rat King has died, the undead and newly undead "rats" including the once 
 Khatress Sen, turn and run. they are heading for the Skeleton closet across from the
  butterfly Inn because that's where they are able to turn from undead rats back
 into who they where before they had died. Once they are back to normal, 
  they realize that nothing is ever really normal and they realize that Someone must
 be behind all of this! The crowd turns to see Soros and Lord Muck plotting together with
  Loa'Kass who is handing each of them several large bags of  Body parts.

  Mesia the Secian Who's eyes seem to be glowing red and has blood dripping from her
  teeth seems to be  Feasting on a bloody raw steak while several purely vegetarian
  secians cover their eyes in utter horror. Unable to take it anymore, Sast points at her
  and screams out the name of  Rhekgha, as he pounces out of the shadows swinging
  his two handed sword at her, and comes to a rolling, tumbling stop as he's tripped and
 captured by the MUATS! Sadly, this lot aren't pale and vampiric, they are instead the Makeover 
 Usurping And Trendy Secians. They quickly bundle Rhekgha into a cage and bear him off
  for his bristledressing and makeover. Dressed nattily in matching jumpsuits and coordinated
  accessories, they advance on the horrified throng of adventurers.

 Gobbie, san, undead,  and arachnian all are aghast. Setites and Odarians put their 
 enmity aside in order to  combat this greatest of menaces, the dreaded  Followers of Kiki.
 Rhekgha rails uselessly against his cage, contemplating a quick merciful death by suicide, when
  the dreaded secians advance upon him with curling irons and blowdriers aimed at his face...

 ... when Stormy the leuian reminds them that the people in tsc need their help right
 now with that evil that's in the middle of tsc. So they stop what they are doing 
 and they head towards tsc.

  Meanwhile Chiterix laughs at his secian looking arach friend.

 "You look much better this way bug!"

 Little does he know  Sen Taxim, now restored to her leuian perfection, would start preaching
  the from the Tome of Honor. Being an undead anything was not a pleasant experience. Out of the 
 corner of her eye she sees  A creepy smiling head wearing sunglasses float towards her...

  "A Smiling child Beholder!" she screams, as Soros and Muck bow deeply to Loa'Kass,
 whose bags are now empty. The Treehaven horn is heard to ring out over the lands . 
 Spur's Bells bigin to chime wildly... the herd of trolls had grown larger and they have
 started burning things down to the ground....


  The trolls, having first found a huge cache of dwarven ale, forget in their drunken
 glee that they are quite vulnerable to fire. Flaming trolls run screaming through the streets, 
 setting secians alight in midair and roasting the beards off passing hithual. Lounging elegantly
 near the fountain, enjoying the spectacle, a group of san elves just happen 
 to be comparing cleavages and discussing the best way to part a mark from his gold 
 when they hear a roar to the north. Vixen looks through the Dragon Arch and sees
  A toasty and angry looking spider walking to the TSC. With a growl he speaks...


 
 " Which one of you busty Sans knows how to give a "Happy ending?" ....Tttrrrchhhkkkrrkkk 
 chitters his mandibles, drooling like an Oog-ra. The Sanene are aghast! They quickly form a line,
 deadly knives at the ready. Vixen and Nibiru silently begin to glide towards the randy Arachnian.

  They Lye him back and grab hold of his  many legs and start to tickle his bare feet mercilessly until
  Lii appears wearing a superhero costume consisting of a purple leotard and pink tutus. 
 "Die!" he screams and promptly flying jump kicks the lot in the head. The illy concieved
 move causes what appears to be his uncovered rump to be exposed to the world.

  Fortunately, no one notices, as their attention becomes fixed on a hooded figure
 that glides into townsquare, neatly sidestepping the last of the flaming trolls. 
 As the San finish checking everyone's pockets, the hooded figure announces that he has
 come to Spur to peddle his fine wares, and that his name is  Moloch. He removes his hood 
 to reveal the rainbow-haired face of a Flerian. He strikes a dramatic pose and proclaims to 
 the entire Square,

  "I'm the mighty Flerian hero!"  "Fear my tight pants!" He says, ostentatiously adjusting his potato.
 As he struts across the square, smirking at the sighs of the gathered lasses a strange smell
 wafts through the area coming from Grim! He has used his noxious gasses
against Lii and Moloch right out in public !....

 Pandemonium breaks out as spurians dive for cover,
 familiars drop in the dozens as their owners abandon them,
 and the ice statue begins to melt. Air mages are called in  to clear the area, but just as they get
 started with their fumigation, Groo - soaking wet and smelling like a drenched pony on a hot, 
 summer day - walks in, and shakes himself dry violently. Grinning broadly, he says "Groo dun
 gutda big lizzur ded dat wuh. Groo nedum help ta fixum." He grabs Moloch and starts dragging him south,
 but trips over Lii's discarded garments as Lii asks Kraggon to do the nekkid lobster dance with him.

  Hearing this, Phannah immediately perks up and says to Kraggon, "I will if you will!", 
 and begins to disrobe. The San Elves, their eyes still bleary from the dissapating smell, 
 look on expectantly, but are disappointed when the city's censors suddenly march into townsquare, 
hauling Phannah, Kraggon, and Lii off to the 'goose-me' hoosegow.

  Suddenly the fountain starts to overflow, with red wine pouring into the street attracting 
  all the thugians, hithuals, and drag-als in the area,  as well as Verbaniah as she dives out 
of the air and straight into the fountain, (Aliyah) and a few other secians right behind her. 
Loiosh pokes her head out of the clouds, then looks at Titanium and Michael and in dragon says,

 "Crazy mortals....wish I still had my rot webs and wood walls, I'd kill them all." 
Michael and Titanium not slightly in agreement, then  Alwin notices some strange noises coming 
from the south of TSC... and discovers Merlin and Lilly naked and bathed in blood. The two Muatana-al
 begin drawing a circle on the ground with their knives, then quickly step inside it. Lily throws 
back her head with maniacal laughter as she shouts,

 " Fools ! Dont you know what this is?" 


 Quento nods slightly and says, "Looks like a Gender changing circle", then bends down and 
 adds a couple more scribbles to the line before uttering an incantation. Lilly shrieks as 
 she turns into an extremely ugly looking male, almost looking like  Grimn on a good day.

  With plenty of squealing and a flying tackle, Condie leaps out of a nearby bakery and lunges
 at the now uglified muatana-al with lust in her beady eyes plants a big, sloppy kiss on the 
 transformed Lilly. The REAL Grimn then leaps out of the crowd and  Gets B!tched smacked by...DRAGON MAN!

  "Rhekgha , Helpz meez!" , screams grimn, with arms flailing.
 " Gitz diz draginzmanz basserz offa meez"

 Rhekgha chuckles at Grimn as he explains, " It's not a dragon-man...it's a little Draco, and it's name is..."
 Tyviel ! "

 A hush falls over the crowd as the De-Imperialized Ty is brought forth. Grimn crawls over to Condie,
 who is sitting atop Mr. Lily.
  Silently Quento and Rhekgha drag Merlin into the shadows as Aliyah, Alwin, and Verbie scoot 
 higher up on the dragons Loiosh, Titanium, and Michael. Alwin leans forward and asks, 
 " What happened Tyvi ?"

  "I think I picked up something from the the time we spent all night... ehem... talking,"
 comes the embarrassed reply. The shrunken imperial refuses to meet the randy secian's eyes...

  "now, now" , says Vaile, stepping from the shadows. He glances back with a wink to Quento
 and Rhekgha, then turns to the shocked Alwin. "Whats all this fiddling with my poor lil Imperials?"
 Vaile's face begins to darken as Alwin goes white as a sheet. Thinking quickly he replies,

 " Fiddling with Imperials? Me!?" .."Do I look like a fiddler
 on a roof ?" Vaile steps back as Alwin's face grows purple... he casts a quick glance 
 at 'Tevye' then says..

 "A fiddler on the roof, sounds crazy, no? But here in our little village of Spur,
 you might say, every one of us is a fiddler on the roof, trying to scratch out a pleasant,
 simple little tune without breaking his neck. It isn't easy. You may ask, why do we stay up
 there if it's so dangerous? Well, we stay because, Spur is our home. And how do we keep our
 balance? That I can tell you in one word: TRADITION!"

 (The assembled folk all begin to dance slowly, and clap thier hands, as the music begins to swell....)
 By the time the dancing is over Tyviel'a is back to his tiny imperial perfection and then he 
 takes off into the air with Grimn and then drops him nto the fountain, where the secians
 began to scrub the layers of filth away. Grimn shrieks and squirms! As Condie dives in to rescue him
 Splashing half of the water from the fountain into the square, soaking Vixen. Xaranthalas, 
  sticky bun fused to the side of his head, jumps to the fore calling, "Wet low cut tunic contest!"
 Meanwhile Vaile waves his arm, cleaning both the quickly darkening water AND Condie at the same time
 ... Suddenly, a bleeding guard staggers in from the south and screams, "Help! Werewolves 
 are attacking the South Gate...and they have a battering ram!" 

  Suddenly the battering ram turns around and bleets at the werewolves using it and stares 
 with cold hatred at them right before it  Explodes into a shower of highly acidic blood! 
 Splashes of corrosive matter splatters both werewolves and gate, turning everything it touches
 into black sludge.

  The Lord of Saldaea smirks to the Matron of the Poisonsilk hunt. " After you", he says
 as they step thru the ruined gate. Stepping over the charred werewolf bodies he motions to his army of
  flying monkeys. The general leading the Matron's army cackles insanely and screams "I'll get 
 you my pretty and your little dog too!" just before a bored looking girl standing on the 
 sideline throws a bucket of lemony fresh water her way.

  "I'm melting!" screams the general, as she is trampled by
 the army as it passes thru the gate. The flying monkeys
 swoop by overhead, heading for the square.

 Only one small group is defending the spur. All hope seems
 lost... Until a group of hidden Hithuals ambush the flying monkeys and attack them with
 horrid foul smelling beer farts they had been saving from drinking all day in the tavern.
 The monkeys howl in terror and fall from the sky as noxious waves of stench fill their noses.

 Unfortunately this release of chemical warfare  causes all the nearby vegetation to mutate 
 into gaint flesh eating monsters. Reinforced by this new wave of minions, the Matron charges 
 forward and flings web after web at Spur's brave defenders...

 This causes the hidden archers to
 shoot flaming arrows into the hazy mass. There is a bright blue-white flash, much smoke, and silence. 
 Nothing moves. The smoke clears, revealing a landscape covered with the bodies of monkeys,
 werewolves, giant rats, undead, still-burning trolls, mega-villians, and a farmer, 
 who seems to have wandered in. Finally, up stands  Stormy the leuian who then says 
 "thank goodness the invasion of spur is finally over." 

 She returns to the leuian village and finds
  Sevyn the leuian unzipping his leuian costume and revealing that he is really
  Garentius who's come to search Stormy's belongings for his choosen "The Marial".
 ... but only finds a ball of string, a wheel of cheese, some sardines and pickles, 
 and clothes for a leuian khit. disappointed, Garentius  searches through the bodies of 
 the Matron and the Lord of Saldaea. Upon each he finds a Star Stone, two of the seven fabled 
 lost stones. Glancing around worriedly, he seeks for a place to hide these stones when
 







 




 


   

 




 
 










