l



[Conciliatory Chamber.]

A long, oval table stretches the width of the room, behind it sit rigid, ebony chairs aligned in a row.  In front of the council table is an ebony podium at which those addressing the conclave may stand.  A large, crystal chandelier hangs down at the center, its glow providing ample light during proceedings.  A portrait of the king sitting upon his throne overlooks the chamber from the back wall.  You notice an ebony podium, an engraved cylindrical brass dispenser, an open thick ebony door, a carved cherrywood cabinet, and a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Also here: Emissary Wren the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Champion Blink the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Emissary Thyia the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Kaiya the Avardi, Emissary Menfanous the Dwarf (seated) at an oval ebony table, Trystan the Human, Emissary Ayderias the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Knight Marshal Steragnus the Gargoyle, and Kasiya the Human (seated) 

Obvious Exits: none


Kasiya peers at you.

Kasiya asks you, "Hmm?"
lean over

You lean over.

Ayderias smiles at Blink and listens.
whisp kas you can sit on this cusion to i thynk.?

You whisper to Kasiya, "You can sit on this cusion to I thynk.?".

Kasiya stands up.

Kasiya sits on a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Blink says, "The town bell proposal passed."
lean kas

You lean on Kasiya.

grin Kasiya wryly
Kasiya smiles at you.

Kasiya leans on you.

You grin at Kasiya wryly.
apl bli

Huh?
appl bli

You applaud Blink.

Kasiya ponders curiously.

Blink says, "It was decided the bell would stay, but only be run once per hour, then a quieter bell will ring out the hours."

Kasiya says, "Oh good."

Blink says, "This is due the bell being historic."

Thyia nods.

Wren chuckles at Kasiya.
' thanks Aerthane!

You exclaim, "Thanks Aerthane!"

Kasiya says, "That thing was ... loud..."

Blink says, "So they didn't want to just melt it down."

Kasiya nods.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Geel has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Kaiya the Avardi                                            
   Wren the Human                                              
   Kasiya the Human                                            
   Nealta the Devalin                                          
   Flynt the Sylph                                             
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Blink the Avardi                                            
   Menfanous the Dwarf                                         
   Thyia the Human                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Gant the Human                                              
   Ayderias the Avardi                                         
   Steragnus the Gargoyle                                      
   Garaven the Verdani                                         


Ayderias says, "The current bell will continue to ring until its smaller companion is crafted."

Blink says, "My proposal passed. It says that six Emissaries must be present in order to send a request to the King."

A town crier can be heard shouting in the distance, "The doors to conclave remain opened to any who wish to let their voice be heard!"

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Ernest has logged on.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Kaiya the Avardi                                            
   Wren the Human                                              
   Kasiya the Human                                            
   Nealta the Devalin                                          
   Flynt the Sylph                                             
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Blink the Avardi                                            
   Menfanous the Dwarf                                         
   Thyia the Human                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Gant the Human                                              
   Ayderias the Avardi                                         
   Steragnus the Gargoyle                                      
   Garaven the Verdani                                         
   Ernest the Human                                            


Blink says, "Another proposal passed. Roch's. It says that citizens can only submmit one proposal per monthly meeting."

Ernest arrives through a thick ebony door.

Blink says, "And that was it."

Ernest pants.
smi ern

You smile at Ernest.

Wren squints at Ernest.
l sat

It looks like a grimy worn leather satchel.
Inside you see:

a loosely-tied leather fish sack
 a supple black leather apothecary bag
 a small raven black seven demon silk bag
 

Ernest removes a feather-adorned black leather tricorne.
inv

Thyia says, "I would like to speak on the goblins, when others have spoken."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 123/123>Inventory:


Currency: 181 doubloons

Carrying: 81 items (36.0 | 81.0) lbs.


Blink says to Ernest, "Well you missed the summary. It was very exciting."

Wren chuckles.

Ernest sits at an oval ebony table.

Ernest says to Blink, "That's too bad."

Blink says to Ernest, "I'm about to make a quick request of Conclave."

Ernest tosses his hat onto the table.

Ernest shrugs.
say ern late! .. no tarts for you!

You exclaim to Ernest, "Late! .. no tarts for you!"

Blink says to Ernest, "Which is why they made me do the summary."

Ernest says to Blink, "Do what you want."

Ernest gestures dismissively.

Ernest waves to Steragnus.

Kasiya lifts a hand to wave in greeting.

Blink says, "Okay then. Well, Conclave, I witnessed Xiija hold the fishing contest. And it was a success."

Steragnus grunts at Ernest quietly.
l



[Conciliatory Chamber.]

A long, oval table stretches the width of the room, behind it sit rigid, ebony chairs aligned in a row.  In front of the council table is an ebony podium at which those addressing the conclave may stand.  A large, crystal chandelier hangs down at the center, its glow providing ample light during proceedings.  A portrait of the king sitting upon his throne overlooks the chamber from the back wall.  You notice an ebony podium, an engraved cylindrical brass dispenser, an open thick ebony door, a carved cherrywood cabinet, and a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Also here: Emissary Wren the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Champion Blink the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Emissary Thyia the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Kaiya the Avardi, Emissary Menfanous the Dwarf (seated) at an oval ebony table, Trystan the Human, Emissary Ayderias the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Knight Marshal Steragnus the Gargoyle, Kasiya the Human (seated) on a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion, and Merchant Ernest the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table 

Obvious Exits: none


Trystan applauds you.
Blink says, "I believe her fine is paid as well."
stand

You stand up.
emo bows her head in respect

Xiija bows her head in respect.

Ayderias says, "Emissary O'hara collected the fine."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 123/123>
Blink says, "And I'd ask her parole be officially removed."

Ernest asks Blink, "Paperwork?"
glan bli

You glance at Blink.
gulp

You gulp.

Blink says, "I did not think to bring paperwork. However if you don't want to waive such I will go over and get some."

Blink says, "This is not a new proposal."

Ernest says, "Sure sure, we bend the rules for you and then everyone is doing it."

Trystan raises an eyebrow.

Ayderias sighs at Ernest.

Trystan asks you, "Do you have your reciept?"


Blink says, "It's less a concern for me, than it will waste everyone's time here."
agree try thoughtfully

You nod your head up and down to Trystan thoughtfully.

Wren grins at Ernest wryly.

Trystan says to you, "Show them the receip and be done with it."

Ernest says to Blink, "Hey I'm on your side, less work and all. Take advantage while Eleanora is gone too. Great call."
get env jun

A wyvern-painted leather junk sack is closed.
op jun

You open a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.
get env jun

You get a Pearl-stamped paper envelope from a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Bihi has logged on.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Kaiya the Avardi                                            
   Wren the Human                                              
   Kasiya the Human                                            
   Nealta the Devalin                                          
   Flynt the Sylph                                             
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Blink the Avardi                                            
   Menfanous the Dwarf                                         
   Thyia the Human                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Gant the Human                                              
   Ayderias the Avardi                                         
   Steragnus the Gargoyle                                      
   Garaven the Verdani                                         
   Ernest the Human                                            
   Bihi the Bolinau                                            

op env

You open a Pearl-stamped paper envelope.

Menfanous glances at Ernest.
l env

It looks like a Pearl-stamped paper envelope.
Inside you see:

a formal letter
 

Ernest glances at Wren.

Blink nods to Ernest.
get let env

You get a formal letter from a Pearl-stamped paper envelope.

Blink gives a thick bird-stenciled vellum manual to Ernest.

Ernest says, "But you all know I follow the rules."

Wren chuckles at Ernest.

Blink asks Ernest, "Oops, can I have that back?"
pace forward

You pace forward.
give let bli

You give a formal letter to Blink.
Blink says to Ernest, "I meant to give you this."

Ernest gives a thick bird-stenciled vellum manual to Blink.

Blink gives a frosted bird-shaped sugar cookie to Ernest.
emo steps back

Xiija steps back.

Ernest exclaims, "Bribery to boot!"

Ernest takes a bite of a frosted bird-shaped sugar cookie.
chu ern

You chuckle at Ernest.

Blink reads a formal letter.

Ernest says, "Let the record show I've accepted the bribe."

Trystan says to Blink, "There is no paperwork for the passing of time or the act of the fishing tournament."

Kaiya says, "There are witnesses, however."

Ayderias furrows his brow.

Blink says, "Anyone need to see this? It's signed by Emissary Hammersmith."

Blink taps a formal letter.

Thyia says, "Emissary Walkabout's witnessing should be enough."

Blink says, "It witnesses that the fine of 50000 is paid."
glan down

You glance down.

Menfanous asks Ayderias, "This bein normal ta be doin in open meetin? Or do we have to vote this at closed meetin?"

Wren says, "I'd agree with Emissary Sarantis."

Blink says, "And Emissary Hammersmith happens to be here in person as well."
l



[Conciliatory Chamber.]

A long, oval table stretches the width of the room, behind it sit rigid, ebony chairs aligned in a row.  In front of the council table is an ebony podium at which those addressing the conclave may stand.  A large, crystal chandelier hangs down at the center, its glow providing ample light during proceedings.  A portrait of the king sitting upon his throne overlooks the chamber from the back wall.  You notice an ebony podium, an engraved cylindrical brass dispenser, an open thick ebony door, a carved cherrywood cabinet, and a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Also here: Emissary Wren the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Champion Blink the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Emissary Thyia the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Kaiya the Avardi, Emissary Menfanous the Dwarf (seated) at an oval ebony table, Trystan the Human, Emissary Ayderias the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Knight Marshal Steragnus the Gargoyle, Kasiya the Human (seated) on a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion, and Merchant Ernest the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table 

Obvious Exits: none


Trystan chuckles.
smi men

You smile at Menfanous.

Blink says, "I think we voted on the proposal already. This is just overseeing the sentence."
Ayderias says to Menfanous, "If a request is being made of us, it would technically need a written proposal to go along with it."

Thyia says, "If paperwork is necessary, I'm sure a statement can be written."

Ayderias says, "However this is not a matter for us to vote on, as that has already happened."

Thyia nods.

Menfanous nods.

Ayderias says to you, "We will review the documents during our closed meeting to make sure everything is in order and then let you know."
bow ayd

You bow to Ayderias.
sit floor

You sit on a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Kasiya smiles.

Blink says, "I will hang on to this then."
nod bli

You nod to Blink.

Trystan raises an eyebrow.

Blink puts a formal letter in a silver-buckled leather satchel.

Ernest says to Wren, "Remember, it's okay to bend the rules if it's for your own."
put env junk

You put a Pearl-stamped paper envelope in a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.

Trystan asks you, "The receipt?"
gest bli

You gesture at Blink.

Wren asks Ernest, "Rules were meant to be bent now and then, ey?"

Blink says to Trystan, "I have it."

Trystan whispers to you, "I advise against that.".

Ernest gasps at Wren mockingly.

Wren winks at Ernest.

Ernest exclaims, "Not at this table!"
lean back

You lean back.

Wren laughs.

Ernest chortles.

Ernest says, "Who cares."
whisp try i trust Blink, and Menfanus witnessed it

You whisper to Trystan, "I trust Blink, and Menfanus witnessed it.".

Ayderias frowns at Ernest.

Wren asks, "Were there any proposals from the public for us tonight?"

Kaiya raises her hand.

Ayderias smiles at Kaiya.

Wren smiles at Kaiya and gestures for the girl to step forward.

Blink listens.

Kaiya walks over to the table and hands over some parchment to each of the Emissaries.

Kaiya gives a professional application to Wren.

Steragnus eyes Kaiya closely.

Kaiya gives a professional application to Blink.

Kaiya gives a professional application to Ayderias.

Kaiya gives a professional application to Thyia.

Blink reads a professional application.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 123/123>
Ayderias gazes at a professional application.

Ayderias reads a professional application.

Kaiya gives a professional application to Menfanous.

Menfanous reads a professional application.

Wren whisks the parchment into her hands, propping the end on the table as she reads it.

Thyia tilts her head to the side.

Kaiya blushes a bit as she hands out the applications.

Wren reads a professional application.

Kaiya says, "First I would like to apologize for the big chunk of writing. I could not bribe the scribe into making paragraphs."

Kaiya gives a professional application to Ernest.

Wren reads a professional application.

Wren furrows her brow.

Ernest says, "Lot of words here."

Thyia reads a professional application.

Wren says, "I have far too many papers on me."
l



[Conciliatory Chamber.]

A long, oval table stretches the width of the room, behind it sit rigid, ebony chairs aligned in a row.  In front of the council table is an ebony podium at which those addressing the conclave may stand.  A large, crystal chandelier hangs down at the center, its glow providing ample light during proceedings.  A portrait of the king sitting upon his throne overlooks the chamber from the back wall.  You notice an ebony podium, an engraved cylindrical brass dispenser, an open thick ebony door, a carved cherrywood cabinet, and a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion.

Also here: Emissary Wren the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Champion Blink the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Emissary Thyia the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table, Kaiya the Avardi, Emissary Menfanous the Dwarf (seated) at an oval ebony table, Trystan the Human, Emissary Ayderias the Avardi (seated) at an oval ebony table, Knight Marshal Steragnus the Gargoyle, Kasiya the Human (seated) on a large sky blue dragon-embroidered cotton floor cushion, and Merchant Ernest the Human (seated) at an oval ebony table 

Obvious Exits: none


Wren reads a professional application.
grin

You grin.

Wren reads a professional application.

Wren reads a professional application.

Kaiya says, "My proposal is to request a second ferry be built for travel to the Academy from Peral."

Kaiya clears her throat.

Kaiya says, "Ahem. Excuse me. Pearl."

Wren reads a professional application.

Wren reads a professional application.
whisp kas i have to go, can you grab the floor cushion when ya leave and give it to me later?

You whisper to Kasiya, "I have to go, can you grab the floor cushion when ya leave and give it to me later?".
Kaiya says, "As all are aware, the only means of transportation between Pearl and the Academy is by ferry. It is my understanding that slyphs cannot fly there, nor can mages and priests teleport there. We are forced to travel by boat, should we need to visit our old stomping grounds."

Kaiya says, "While in theory, this should not be much of a hassle. A quick boat ride, and we're there. However, in practice, I am sure we can all agree that quick is not a word that can be used to describe the journey, unless one is supremely lucky."

Kaiya says, "The trip on the ferry is in fact pretty fast. The part of the whole process that frustrates most, if not all, citizens is the long wait for the ferry to arrive. Someone once timed it at 16 minutes, if you've reached the docks just as the ferrry has departed."

Kasiya says, "Oh..."

Kaiya says, "Now, most would agree that this is not torture, to have to wait 16 minutes for a boat, but when you add in the time the ferry takes to reach its destination, you're now facing upwards of 21 minutes. For most of us, we travel to Pearl for relatively speedy errands. The time it takes to wait for and take the ferry makes these errands seem almost excrutiating, at least, it does for this severely impatient Scout."

Kasiya covers her mouth, nodding.
nod kas

You nod to Kasiya.

Kaiya says, "I've heard many complain of the ferry. Well, I think it's time we try to do something about it, rather than whine. While I know nothing about building ships, or the costs, I am certain there are arkwrights who would be willing to take up project, given sufficient payment. I myself would even be willing to assist with gathering the supplies needed for building such a boat. I would even gather the wood. And for those who know me, the willing offer to chop wood for hours upon hours speaks to my frustration with the ferry situation."

Kasiya nods seriously up at Kaiya.

Kaiya says, "Having two ferries would, naturally, cut the waiting times down in half. And while I know some may wonder if the cost to build the ship would outweigh the actual benefit, I am pretty confident that the ferries would be used -more-, were there two of them. We wouldn't see taking the ferry to Pearl as such a hassel, if we were not forced to stand there and wait as long as we do."
whisp try i have to go, can you make sure Kasiya grabs my cushion when she leaves?.. she will give it to me later..

You whisper to Trystan, "I have to go, can you make sure Kasiya grabs my cushion when she leaves?.. she will give it to me later..".

Kaiya says, "I am most willing and happy to answer any questions regarding this proposal, should there be any."

Kasiya lifts a hand.

Wren nods to Kasiya.

Trystan whispers to you, "I will and you're sure she will?".
whisp try i think so 

You whisper to Trystan, "I think so.".

Kasiya asks, "How long is it between ferries or other boats from Pearl to the other islands?"
wink try
You wink at Trystan.

grin Trystan softly, winking..
Trystan smiles at you.

You grin at Trystan softly, winking..
stand 

You stand up.
bow

You bow.
go door



[Conciliatory Chamber, Entrance.]

The marble-floored hallway leads to an thick ebony door with a polished brass lock, a sign upon it proclaims what lies on the other side.  A pair of brass sconces illuminate the wall.  An ornate brass plaque hangs in the light next to the chamber, each of the fourteen representatives engraved on small granite slabs or a blank spot indicating a slot to be filled.  You notice an open thick ebony door.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[Conclave, Grand Foyer.]

The wide open design of the foyer is enhanced by stately white floors and walls, streaks of deep gray running throughout the marble.  Smooth ebony railings and rungs run down either side of the large stairway as it turns, leading to the next floor up.  On the curved wall at the top of the stairs is a large portrait of the king on his throne with a gold scepter at his side.  You notice an open gold-paneled oak door, and a spiraling marble staircase.

Obvious Exits: northwest, east, and south. 

go door



[Conclave Courtyard.]

The white stone building, home to the conclave, serves as a central location for the diplomatic offices of each of the six religions on Archai.  Of sound dwarven design, the architectural feat is built across the road that runs northeast to the main city gate.  You notice an open gold-paneled oak door.

Also here: a portly town crier 

Obvious Exits: south. 

s



[Conclave Courtyard.]

The stone-paved courtyard leads toward a tall, white stone building. Stone columns on either side of the entrance support a steel gateway connecting the secluded structure to the rest of the city.  A number of windows can be seen to the northeast and far to the north.  The structure stands over a tunnel for the street that passes underneath and exits the city.  Manicured hedges decorate each end of the building.  You notice an open towering reinforced steel gate.

Obvious Exits: north. 

fly

emo fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...
You launch into the air with a powerful downward thrust of your wings.

Xiija fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...
u



[Above Conclave Courtyard.]

Below, The stone-paved courtyard leads northeast toward a tall, white stone building.  It stands over a tunnel for the street that passes underneath and exits the city.  Manicured hedges decorate each end of the building.  A small wooden structure to the north houses the local scribe's union.

Obvious Exits: down, south, and north. 

quit

y
Quit -- are you sure (Y/N)?You depart from the world.
Closed Xiija-offerings.txt on file 1
