l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Trystan the Human, and Geel the Gavial 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Geel swishes his tail at you.
who

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              

fan gee

You fan your wings at Geel.

Geel sits down.
l pah

Pahzrael looks like a stocky 78 year old Jabberwock.
It has bright red eyes and black scales.
It is 12 feet 4 inches tall and weighs 700 pounds.
Pahzrael is in perfect health.

Sevot yhtils eht dna, gillirb swat'
Ebaw eht ni elbmig dna eryg did;
Sevogorob eht erew ysmim lla,
Ebargtuo shtar emom eht dna

It is wearing:

Body            : a huge silver-furred sloth pelt
Torso           : a red and white-checkered flannel vest
Wield           : a frabjous manxome vorpal blade


A powerful voice rings out across the lands, "a Coffee with Creators discussion is beginning now in the OOC Convention Center. ASSIST if you do not know the way."

Hock arrives from the south.

Hock cackles.

Eabo waves to Hock.

Hock waves to Eabo.

Kaiah says to you, "It's about damn time, too."

Eabo takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.
wav hoc

You wave to Hock.

Kaiah says, "Sorry for delays, dealing with a moody iguana."
grin kai

Hock waves to you.
You grin at Kaiah.

Eabo glances at Geel.
say kaia you will be one-shottin in no tyme

You say to Kaiah, "You will be one-shottin in no tyme."
cac

You cackle.

Eabo glances at Kaiah.

Hock gets a bottle of warm beer from an oblong tin trough.

Kaiah smirks.

Pahzrael says, "I am sure you are wondering why I called you all here today."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Kaiah says, "Sure I will."

Kaiah leans on Eabo.
Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.
grin pah

You grin at Pahzrael.

Suddenly, an ice cold beer appears into Pahzrael's possession.

Pahzrael takes a drink from an ice cold beer.
say pah for a renaming event?

You ask Pahzrael, "For a renaming event?"

Hock stares at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael says to you, "Keep wondering."

Pahzrael cackles.
Trystan asks, "Time to reroll?"

Hock says to Pahzrael, "That's just cruel."
chu try

You chuckle at Trystan.

Pahzrael says to Trystan, "Only you."

Wren leans on Kaiah.

Snaek crawls in from the south.
Guvar arrives from the south.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Pyratherndar says, "Ooooo."

Eabo laughs.

Kaiah grins.

Austere floats in from the east.

Snaek removes Guvar from his group.


Pyratherndar says, "I'd like to do that."
how snae

You howl at Snaek.
how aus

You howl at Austere.

Wren exclaims, "'Sup dudes!"
Austere hugs a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Snaek removes a fishing pole.
wav guv

You wave to Guvar.

Eabo cackles at Wren.

Snaek swishes his tail at Wren.

Pahzrael asks Pyratherndar, "You want to reroll?"

Guvar waves.
shri wre

Wren winks at Eabo.
You shriek at Wren.

Hock chuckles.

Wren howls at you.

Pyratherndar bows snea.

Pyratherndar bows to Snaek.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human, Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Wren dances with Visyn.

Visyn grins at Wren.

Austere says, "Was just tending to my 12-cup Keurig."

Snaek asks Pyratherndar, "Just the one of you in attendance tonight?"

Wren says to Visyn, "Good to have ya back."
chu

You chuckle.

Pahzrael removes a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.
say aus you use ... pods?

You ask Austere, "You use ... pods?"

Eabo grins at Pyratherndar.

Wren exclaims, "Pro-Keurig!"
stare aus

You stare at Austere.

Visyn says to Wren, "Thank you."

Pahzrael removes a huge silver-furred sloth pelt.

Kaiah leans on Wren.
whin pah

You whine to Pahzrael.

Pyratherndar says, "Yes the other one has been combined with me to make me one again."

Wren says to Visyn, "At least you survived retail during the holidays."

Austere says to you, "Yeah, a big bag one that I sprinkle a cup's worth from."

Wren pets Kaiah.

Trystan says to Pyratherndar, "I think that would make you two."
chu aus

You chuckle at Austere.

Austere says, "Well, 12-cups worth."

Visyn says to Wren, "Was actually a lot of fun this year."

Austere says, "A pot's worth."
say aus you gonna get all twitchy on us

You say to Austere, "You gonna get all twitchy on us."
twit

You need a tail to do that.

Pyratherndar says, "Body+spirit= one."
emo twitches

Xiija twitches.

Wren says to Visyn, "That's surprising. A friend of mine was ready to hurt someone by the end of it."

The air above Snaek begins to ripple.
Suddenly, a steaming cup of creamed coffee slowly fades into existence.


Snaek gets a steaming cup of creamed coffee.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Visyn says to Wren, "I think there was just less people out shopping this year. It's more fun when there are less people."

Austere says to you, "I thought that was the idea. Instead drinking booze, we drink coffee to maintain our inhibitions."

Snaek says, "Alright, got my coffee."

Pahzrael says, "Me too."

Visyn says, "I swear, if I could run a store with no people in it, I'd have my dream job."

Pahzrael takes a drink from an ice cold beer.

Austere says to Snaek, "Please do not announce the flavor."

Wren says to Visyn, "Agreed."

Wren grins at Visyn.

Trystan asks you, "Coffee, is that the name of a new strain?"

Snaek nods his head up and down to Visyn.

Pyratherndar flattens out her hand and waits for the magic coffee to apear.

Austere says to Snaek, "We don't want to have to win these folks over again."

Kaiah asks Austere, "You guys have that sort of thing?"
cac try

You cackle at Trystan.

Snaek glares at Austere.

Wren sniffs Trystan.

Snaek says to Austere, "Noted."
Pyratherndar says, "May I please have a cup of hot coffee or coco."

Trystan wags his tail.
emo gestures arcanely \nA cup of Wonderful appears in Xiija's hands!

Xiija gestures arcanely 
A cup of Wonderful appears in Xiija's hands!

Suddenly, a steaming cup of creamed coffee appears into Pyratherndar's possession.
wink

You wink.

Wren exclaims, "One for me too, please!"

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you so very much."

Wren says, "Kinda wishing I had whipped cream to smear all over my real coffee."
chu rwe

You chuckle rwe.
chu wre

You chuckle at Wren.

Snaek says, "Thanks for coming everyone."

Wren cheers for Snaek.

Yndor arrives from the south.

Snaek says, "There's all sorts of dragons and wyverns flying about, so I appreciate you missing that."
wav ynd

You wave to Yndor.
Yndor sits down.

Yndor waves to you.
whin snae

You whine to Snaek.

Wren snorts.

Snaek says, "Epic battle. You'll read about it later I'm sure."

Wren snaps her fingers.

Eabo grunts.

Austere nods to Snaek.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human, Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, and Yndor the Nydine (seated) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


The building shakes as the sound of something large and powerful flies overhead.

Eabo whines.

Yndor glances.
blan

You blanch.

Austere says, "Never mind all that noise."

Austere gestures.

Wren says, "So cruel."

Kaiah smirks.

Pyratherndar says, "Ooooo another dragon."

Eabo says, "These are not the dragons you seek."
Eabo gestures.

Trystan says, "Boeing 737."
chu eab

You chuckle at Eabo.

Austere says, "They'll have Pearl repaired again before we're done here."

Pahzrael points at Trystan.

Snaek grins at Trystan.

Hock blinks.

Pahzrael says to Austere, "Not a chance."

Snaek says, "Before we get into your questions, I wanted to take a moment to go over what's been happening and what's coming up."

Wren nods.
listen

You listen.

Kaiah sits down.

Austere says to Pahzrael, "We use gnomes during CWC, no one is the wiser."

Eabo listens to Snaek.

Pahzrael nods slowly.
l snae

Snaek looks like a strapping 12 year old male Chameleon.
He has amber eyes and spotted scales.
He is 4 inches tall and weighs 13 pounds.
He has an aura of Aerthane.
Snaek is in perfect health.

An adorable, gun-slinging chameleon that adapts to any environment or situation.

He is wearing:

Head            : a glowing lightbulb
Body            : a circular disc slot
Torso           : a gaping hole in the side of his stomach
Waist           : a worn leather gun holster
Feet            : some steel-cuffed black leather boots

l aus

Austere looks like an obese-bodied 420 year old Beholder.
It has a gigantic blue eye and about a dozen individual, meaty eye-stalks cresting its head.
It is 4 foot tall and weighs 150 pounds.
Austere is in perfect health.



It is wearing:

(nothing)

l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, and Yndor the Nydine (seated) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek says, "I mentioned at the last one of these that a lot has change between now and our release date of 9/17. Not everything is getting the normal red carpet treatment when it is released."

Snaek says, "Has to change."
glan

You glance.
cou 17?

You cough .
cou mmm 17?

You cough mmm 17?
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, and Yndor the Nydine (seated) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Austere shuffles its feet.
chu  impishly, rubbing her nose...

You chuckle impishly, rubbing her nose...

Snaek raises an eyebrow at Austere.

Kaiah listens.

Pahzrael asks Austere, "Where do you keep the feet anyways?"
' isit lag?.. or is everyone skyersexting?

You ask, "Isit lag?.. or is everyone skyersexting?"

Trystan gestures at you.

Snaek says, "Anyhow, we've been slipping in a lot of changes with each reboot you've experienced. We never miss a chance to install a patch or a fix."
glan suspiciously

You glance suspiciously.

Pahzrael points at you.

Pyratherndar says, "Not me."

Austere says to Pahzrael, "It's only feet in this area."

Snaek says, "Apparently I said the wrong date."

Pyratherndar says, "I'm listening."

Trystan says, "November."

Snaek says, "And now I am feeling all this pressure."

Snaek glares at Austere.
Hock grins.

Austere points up at a painted coconut eyeball.

Pahzrael pressures Snaek.

Pyratherndar says, "Oh pshhhpissooshh."

Austere says to Snaek, "9/18."

Pyratherndar says, "Its a flippen date."

Austere says to you, "We're almost there..."

Pyratherndar says, "Change it and cgo."
smir

You smirk.

Snaek says, "It's not far out is the point, and a lot will be changing between now and then so we appreciate your acceptance of these things."

Snaek says, "One in particular we finalized today."
appl ?

You applaud ?

Snaek says, "A lot of thought has gone into how best to manage the calendar to get the most of our each event and not run our staff screaming from the game."

Snaek says, "You all have come to know August as the month of Verdi, and November an Aerthanian month named Zephyrous."

Pahzrael relaxes his running stance.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, and Yndor the Nydine (seated) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek says, "We're switching these to make better use out of our flagship festival, the Renewal."

Pyratherndar takes a drink from a steaming cup of creamed coffee.
nod

You nod.

Snaek says, "We're typically away at the sart of September to celebrate the anniversary of the game's creation, so the Renewal festival has always been stressful for us to prepare for."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, and Yndor the Nydine (seated) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael exclaims to Snaek, "Tell me about it!"

Pahzrael snickers.

Snaek says, "We've also had some player run events in early August that have added to that chaos. This results in us staying on vacation mentally."

Snaek says, "Sometimes until October."

Snaek says, "Not good for the game."

Snaek shakes his head from side to side.

Snaek says, "We've also asked you in the past for suggestions on a new name for the month of Janurary."

Austere says, "The hammer came down on the calendar today."
grin

You grin.

Snaek says, "As of today we're asking you to accept that it is Eurous, and has always been so."

Wren says, "Fine by me."

Eabo exclaims, "Happy Eurous!"

Pahzrael asks, "It hasn't?"

Visyn asks, "What was it before?"

Trystan says, "Eurous."
say try at least is wasnt Eurinous

You say to Trystan, "At least is wasnt Eurinous."

Trystan shrugs at you.

Trystan says to you, "I missed the meeting."
cac

You cackle.

Snaek says, "We draw a lot of inspiration for our Gods from greek mythology. When we renamed Aerthane's other month, we went with Zephyrous, similar to a greek god of the west wend. Eurous is the counterpart to that for the east wind."
say vis Aerian

You say to Visyn, "Aerian."

Trystan rolls his eyes at you.

Visyn says to you, "Wrong. It was always Eurous."

Austere says to you, "Or so you thought."

Austere nods to Visyn.

Snaek grins at Visyn.
furr xii

You furrow your brow at yourself.

Austere says, "It was Eurous before."

Trystan says, "Now you're repeating yourself."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Requiem has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         

events

Calendar of Events:


 Astraven
 ========

o 02/14 - Conclave Council Public Meeting, 8:30pm
o 02/28 - Closed Door Pearlean Conclave Meeting, 8:30pm
o 02/?? - Aerthane Emissary Hours, TBD
o 02/?? - Pyrous Emissary Hours, TBD
o 02/?? - Tetherias Emissary Hours, TBD
o 02/?? - Astraeva Emissary Hours, TBD
o 02/?? - Itzal Emissary Hours, TBD
o 02/?? - Kaleith Emissary Hours, TBD


 Eurous
 ======

o 01/06 - OOC Coffee with Creators, 9:30pm
o 01/10 - Pyrous Temple Meeting, 7:00pm
o 01/10 - Conclave Council Public Meeting, 8:30pm
o 01/12 - Aerthane Temple Meeting, 9:00pm
o 01/17 - Custom Container Orders, Elmere Manske, 9:30pm
o 01/19 - Aerthane Emissary Hours, Ayderias Clarveu, 10:00pm
o 01/20 - Custom Clothing Orders, ATC representative, 9:30pm
o 01/24 - Closed Door Pearlean Conclave Meeting, 8:30pm
o 01/25 - Housing Representative, Ivan Drovosik, 8:30pm
o 01/27 - Reserved Event Date
o 01/28 - Winter Weapon Peddle, Menfanous Hammersmith, 9:00pm
o 01/31 - Reserved Event Date



Requiem arrives from the west.

Austere says to Trystan, "I think I saw a typo pass by the door a moment ago."

Snaek says, "I know it's not a big game changing idea, but I appreciate you all accepting this. It's not an easy thing to spin ICly and that would consume some time better spent on making the world better."

Wren waves to Requiem.

Requiem grins at Wren.

Pahzrael snickers at Austere.

Trystan says to Austere, "I'm afraid to overwhelm you, sorry."

Wren winks at Requiem.
wav req

You wave to Requiem.

Eabo exclaims to Requiem, "Happy Eurous the 6th!"

Snaek grins at Eabo.

Requiem whispers to you, "Hello there.".

Snaek says to Austere, "I don't see any torches or pitchforks. I think we're good."
whisp req hihi

You whisper to Requiem, "Hihi.".

Pyratherndar exclaims, "Happy Eurous!!!"

Trystan asks, "What's the IC origin of the name?"

Pahzrael says, "Ask the curator."
say try ask blink

You say to Trystan, "Ask blink."

Hock says to Trystan, "An easterly fart."

Kaiah snickers.
cac

You cackle.

Snaek says to Trystan, "The eastern coast of Aerthane is called the Eurous coast."

Eabo nods his head up and down.

Requiem grins.

Trystan asks Wren, "What's the IC origin of the name?"

Wren blinks.

Trystan says to Snaek, "Works for me."

Trystan asks Snaek, "So what's the coast named after?"
sasy try the month of Eurous

Huh?
say try the month of Eurous

You say to Trystan, "The month of Eurous."
wink

You wink.

Snaek says to Trystan, "As luck would have it, there's a little festival at the end of this month to celebrating the arrival of the eastern winds. Maybe you'll learn more about I there."

Kaiah says to Wren, "Asked like you had a clue."

Pahzrael says, "#Fullcircle."

Trystan says to Snaek, "I hope you have your fingers crossed."

Kaiah grins.

Pyratherndar says, "Eurous the beginning of the year."
cross

Trystan glances at Wren.
You cross your fingers.

Trystan asks Wren, "You play Blink, right?"

Snaek says to Trystan, "And toes."

Snaek grins at Pahzrael.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Trystan nods to Snaek.
say wre like a fiddle

You say to Wren, "Like a fiddle."

Pahzrael says, "No, Geel does."

Geel says, "And badly at that."

Pahzrael nods to Geel.

Wren scoffs at Trystan.

Eabo grins.

Snaek says, "Moving on, the same approach is going to be taken with skills, spells, and prayers. We've got quite a bit of them queued up for testing. You'll be seeing minor changes to your existing skills as well. The levels in which they are unlocked is also being adjusted."

Pyratherndar says, "I dont think you play Blink badly."
win snae

You wince at Snaek.

Pahzrael cackles.

Snaek says to you, "A complete list of class skills will be released on 9/13."
chu softly

You chuckle softly.
Pyratherndar says, "Oh please make them so that you get the at better intervals."

Austere says to you, "2 Years ago."

Austere gestures.

Pyratherndar says, "Going 10 levels before you get a new spell is the pits."

Trystan squints at Pyratherndar.
snort

You snort.

Eabo says to Pyratherndar, "But thats only a tenth of the way to the top."

Pyratherndar shrinks down.

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "There's more going in, so you're sure to see better progression."

Kaiah says to Pyratherndar, "Sounds rough."
Kaiah grins.

Snaek says, "Most of your skills are heavily loaded on the front end."

Pyratherndar says, "I dont know what that means, I'm sorry."

Snaek chuckles.
say pyr you get the good stuff first

You say to Pyratherndar, "You get the good stuff first."

Snaek asks Pyratherndar, "You have 100 levels. Imagine if we spread them out all the way to 100?"

Trystan says to Pyratherndar, "And suck it up."

Pyratherndar says, "100 Levels."

Pyratherndar says, "Did you say 100 levels."

Eabo nods his head up and down.

Visyn says to Pyratherndar, "I think that means you're getting 100 spells."
cac

Pahzrael nods to Visyn.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You cackle.

Hock chuckles.

Kaiah says, "Yes, there's 100 levels to each skill."

Snaek says, "We'll continue to introduce new spells and skills in the updates list, but there isn't likely to be much IC explanations to go along with them in the next 9 months."

Hock says to Pyratherndar, "And your best attack spell is at level 90."

A swirling sand storm blows in out of nowhere. As the sand dissipates Saphira stands before you.

Hock snickers.

Pahzrael shrieks.

Geel sneezes.
say snae will player levels go in too ?

You ask Snaek, "Will player levels go in too ?"

Trystan grins at Saphira.
how sap

You howl at Saphira.

Trystan says, "Nice entrance."
Saphira waves.

Hock coughs and shakes the sand from his hair and ears.
say sap fashionably late

You say to Saphira, "Fashionably late."
Eabo asks Snaek, "So we get to make up our own IC explaination?"
wink

You wink.

Saphira nods her head up and down.

Trystan nods to Eabo.

Pahzrael points at Eabo.

Trystan says to Eabo, "It's the SI way."

Eabo grins.
say eab Dragonds n Wyverns  did it

You say to Eabo, "Dragonds n Wyverns did it."
Austere says to Eabo, "Naturally."

Pahzrael says, "You all are the history and future."

Pahzrael says to Trystan, "Except you."
Snaek says to you, "That will be part of a larger update centered around the new combat changes. That isn't expected until Summer."

Trystan shrugs.

Trystan says, "I just watch what the other guy says."
nod snae

You nod to Snaek.

Austere says to Trystan, "You leave presents everyday."

Trystan chuckles at Austere.

Trystan says to Austere, "Quit moving my boulder around and I'll stop."

Pahzrael says, "Kind of like a dog that isn't housetrained."

Snaek says, "Aside from skills, you've all likely noticed we are continuing to explain IC when we open new parts of the isle."

The air above Pahzrael begins to ripple.
Suddenly, a moss-covered granite boulder slowly fades into existence.

l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, and Saphira the Sphinx 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Trystan comforts a moss-covered granite boulder.

Snaek says, "That much will never change. It's become a part of this world."

Austere says to Trystan, "Oh, Wilson, good."
say snae didja do it for hobgoblins?

You ask Snaek, "Didja do it for hobgoblins?"
furr

You furrow your brow.

Snaek says to you, "Not everything gets a special expedition, but I'm pretty sure this was no exception."
smi

You smile.

The air above Saphira begins to ripple.

Eabo says, "I would say it was a well done opening."

Pyratherndar says, "I agree."

The air above Saphira begins to ripple.
Suddenly, some freshly-baked thick crust boulder bread appears in Trystan's possession.

Saphira beams at Trystan.

Trystan laughs.

Snaek squints at Saphira.

Trystan says, "Now you no what a boulder eats."

Snaek chuckles.

Saphira shrugs at Snaek.

Snaek asks Austere, "What else?"

Snaek snaps his fingers.

Snaek says, "Hunting grounds."

A moss-covered granite boulder eats some freshly-baked thick crust boulder bread.

Eabo edges away from the boulder.

Snaek says, "The purpose of the hobgoblins was to add more low and mid level hunting to NAI. Create less of a reason to have to go back to the Academy."

Hock says to Eabo, "Pet rock."

Austere says, "Some areas open without explanation prior, but the area itself tells its story."

Kaiah grins.

A moss-covered granite boulder eyes Eabo.

Geel says to Eabo, "I think it fancies you."

Kaiah says to Eabo, "Better hide."

Eabo grunts.

Pahzrael says, "And there are others who know more, if you ask."

Visyn says, "That bread looks pretty bland. It looks like it should have a bolder flavor."

Hock raises an eyebrow at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael rolls its eyes.

Trystan grins at Visyn.

Requiem smirks.
Snaek chortles at Visyn.

Kaiah stares at Visyn.

Austere says to Visyn, "I'd pan the puns for now."
Saphira laughs.

Wren sighs at Visyn.

Wren chuckles.

Pahzrael says, "Please do NOT get him started."

Visyn smiles.

Austere says, "Some of us were bred to do them."

Pahzrael glares at Austere.

Wren says, "I have to admit, I missed his puns."

Hock snickers.

Pahzrael asks, "See?"

Pahzrael flails its arms.

Pahzrael dies.

Pyratherndar giggles softly.

Hock says to Austere, "Only those that are Half-badked."

Austere says to Pahzrael, "Sorry, homeslice."
gest sap slowly\nThe air above Saphira begins to ripple.\n\nA NO PUNS sign appears suddenly among Saphira's possesions!

You gesture at Saphira slowly
The air above Saphira begins to ripple.

A NO PUNS sign appears suddenly among Saphira's possesions!

Hock chuckles.

Visyn grins at Saphira.

Pyratherndar says, "Hun you may have to plant that on his forehead."

Saphira sighs.

Austere says to Snaek, "Sorry we're entirely hijacked this CWC thus far."

Visyn says, "Saphi, yeah, if you wan't me to stop, give me a sign."

Saphira says, "This topic is getting stale."

Wren says, "Don't be so restrictive, we don't want him to just loaf about."

Austere says to Trystan, "I know, typos..."

Snaek grins at Saphira.

Trystan grins.

Pahzrael twitches its tail.

Pyratherndar says, "There's your sign."
grin

You grin.
Snaek says, "It's all good. I dont really have to ask this ground to accept these things. You've all been great and understanding."

Pyratherndar points to the sign.
say snae group ... lay off the irish coffee

You say to Snaek, "Group ... lay off the irish coffee."

Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.

Saphira gasps at you.

Trystan says to you, "Oooo, good name."

Saphira exclaims to you, "Never!"
snic

You snicker.

Austere asks Snaek, "Are you running the game on a smart watch?"

Pahzrael says to you, "He was talking to the ground, not you. It has been very accepting."

Pahzrael lies down.
say pah aha

You say to Pahzrael, "Aha."

Pyratherndar takes a drink from a steaming cup of creamed coffee.

Hock says to Pahzrael, "I'm waiting for the ground to open up and swallow you."

Hock stares.
gest pah

You gesture at Pahzrael.

Hock chuckles.

Snaek takes a drink from a steaming cup of creamed coffee.

The ground ponders a moment.

Kaiah frowns.

Pyratherndar says, "Holy crap the ground is thinking we are all in trouble now."

Pahzrael swishes its tail.

Hock grins.

Trystan says, "They're so cute when they're new."

Wren climbs up onto Kaiah's shoulders for safety.

Kaiah blinks.

Snaek grins at Trystan.

Kaiah asks Wren, "So what happens if it swallows me, huh?"

Snaek says, "Let's just go ahead to questions then."
comf snae

You are too far away.

Pahzrael climbs up on Wren's shoulders to for a totem pole.

Pyratherndar says, "Wait."
Eabo raises his hand.

Wren says to Kaiah, "I jump."
emo comfots Snaek

Xiija comfots Snaek.

Kaiah says to Wren, "Not with him on your back."

Pyratherndar says, "Please if you have more to tell us please tell us."
Kaiah points at Pahzrael.
Saphira asks Snaek, "What do you call cheese that isn't yours?"

Snaek says, "Questions always make this fun anyway. The latter half of the night."
grunt sap

You grunt at Saphira.

Requiem smirks.

Austere asks Saphira, "Diary cheese?"

Saphira exclaims to Snaek, "Nacho cheese!"

Hock asks Snaek, "News on opening the road to Rum Village?"

Pahzrael twitches its tail.

Austere snaps its fingers.
Trystan groans.

Wren says to Pahzrael, "You're heavy."

Wren pouts at Pahzrael.

Trystan says to Saphira, "Find an adult to talk to from time to time."

Pyratherndar says, "Go ahead eabo."

Saphira says to Hock, "Soon."
say hoc dude, there be Necors in them thar hills

You say to Hock, "Dude, there be Necors in them thar hills."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Doxx has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Doxx the Vukasin                                            

Austere says to Hock, "Good question."

Pahzrael exclaims, "I'm a svelte 700 pounds, thank you very much!"

Saphira sighs.
Snaek says to Hock, "There may just be an announcement on that in the post office."

Hock howls.

Austere says to Pahzrael, "You're just big wabed."

Saphira says to Trystan, "I try but they only let me out on special occasions."

Hock says, "Housing question....."

Pahzrael exclaims, "Frabjously so!"
chu aus

You chuckle at Austere.

Snaek says to Hock, "Supposedly there's a mess going on between Three Bridges and some new Hobgoblin village, so a safe route to rum village has opened."

Pahzrael sits up.

Saphira says to Doxx, "Next time take the tram."

Trystan says to Saphira, "This crew doesn't count, by the way."

Hock says, "Sweet."

Doxx says, "Thanks."

Eabo says to Snaek, "Naturals- 1.should gavial have UC? 2. can we know what the at/df of naturals are and does it kick in when we go into combat without weapons."

Geel chuckles.

Kaiah says to Eabo, "Your UC ar/dr increases your base or unarmed ar/dr."
say eab 9/17
You say to Eabo, "9/17."

Snaek says to Eabo, "Biting will take the place of unarmed combat for Vukasins and Gavials."

Hock says to Snaek, "Housing options are limited, especially for those shadier types who don't necessarily want a house/home/lair on 'main street', so to speak."

Kaiah says to Snaek, "Ouch."

Trystan whispers to you, "Did he just say the land route to rum village is open?".
whisp try sounded like

You whisper to Trystan, "Sounded like.".

Hock asks Snaek, "Any chance we can open up the options some?"

Pahzrael says, "We have been, actually. Might want to talk to your friendly housing representative."

Snaek nods to Pahzrael.

Hock says to Pahzrael, "I just did and got the ol'smack down."

Hock says, "Same old options."
emo smacks Hock!

Xiija smacks Hock!

Trystan says to Hock, "That's just routine, you have to ask for anything you want at least 3 times."

Saphira exclaims, "Uh yes I would like to live in my own private sewer system please!"

Snaek says to Eabo, "2. The progression is the same as the class."

Saphira says, "Tomorrow."

Saphira snickers.

Eabo asks Snaek, "The same as the class? what is it for gavial?"

Hock says to Saphira, "Sewers are just so, 'homey'."

Snaek says to Eabo, "And 3, yes it will kick in during combat without weapons. The use of the KILL command will function based on being armed or not."

Eabo says to Snaek, "Ohh warrior, barb progress sorry."
Doxx asks Snaek, "I just got here, did you say when naturals will be going in?"

Geel says to Eabo, "I heard a rumor Gavial were being phased out."

Geel grins at Eabo.

Eabo grunts at Geel.

Snaek says to Doxx, "I didn't. Some Argali testing has already gone in for a few returning players and newly created ones."
Saphira says to Geel, "Yes they are being transfered to the cooking section for use in recipes."
wav dox

You wave to Doxx.
chu sap

You chuckle at Saphira.

Seren blanches.

Geel says to Saphira, "Just heat me up slowly and I will never know it."

Kaiah says to Saphira, "I bet they'll kill in food form, too."

Doxx asks Snaek, "So I'll eventually get AR/DR when I lvl my bite?"

Trystan chuckles.

Snaek says, "The thing with naturals is they won't completely function until the new combat system is in. The AR/DR progression works fine but your damage isn't scaled properly."
l sat

It looks like a grimy worn leather satchel.
Inside you see:

a loosely-tied leather fish sack
 a supple black leather apothecary bag
 a small raven black seven demon silk bag
 a fresh four leaf clover
 a small ivory pendant
 an antique silver hand-mirror
 
get dem sat

You get a small raven black seven demon silk bag from a grimy worn leather satchel.
get gav dem

You get a petrified shrunken gavial head from a small raven black seven demon silk bag.
gnash gav

You gnash your teeth .

Austere says to Geel, "We're changing the race from gavials to geels."

Snaek says to Doxx, "Absolutely."
gnas shrunken

You gnash your teeth on a petrified shrunken gavial head.

Doxx nods to Snaek.
nod

You nod.
put head dem

You put a petrified shrunken gavial head in a small raven black seven demon silk bag.
put dem sat

You put a small raven black seven demon silk bag in a grimy worn leather satchel.

Geel says to Austere, "Make it so we can climb walls like geckos."

Austere says to Geel, "Noted."

Saphira asks Snaek, "Will you eventually phase in rabies as a disease you can get from wolves?"

Hock chuckles.

Snaek says, "By summer that will be up and running. Existing players will get their natural skills prior to the new combat system."

Austere says to Snaek, "What he said."

Saphira says to Geel, "Geckos don't weigh three tons like you do."

Saphira snickers.

Snaek says to Geel, "Noted."

Hock asks Geel, "What is the name of the bad-guy lizerd from Spider-man comics?"

Geel says to Saphira, "Gravity has always been the bane of my existance."

Doxx asks Snaek, "Will bite and UC roll into one or will they be separate skills?"
Geel sighs.

Geel asks Hock, "The Lizard?"

Snaek says to Doxx, "Roll into one."

Hock nods his head up and down.
say dox you will have to equip your teeth

You say to Doxx, "You will have to equip your teeth."

Snaek says, "Only those without a natural attack will have unarmed combat."

Doxx exclaims to you, "Pointy dentures!"
Wren says to Hock, "Doctor Connors, I think."

Geel exclaims to you, "Just like RL!"
cac

You cackle.

Snaek snickers at Geel.

Doxx asks Snaek, "What will happen with my current levels?"

Hock grins at Wren.

Hock says to Wren, "Yep. Just found that."

Wren grins at Hock.

Saphira says to Doxx, "You will start with no teeth like a baby."

Hock laughs.

Requiem cackles.
say dox combined or averaged?

You ask Doxx, "Combined or averaged?"
shru

You shrug.

Geel says, "Gummed 'em good."
sniv gee

Huh?

Eabo nods to Snaek.
snic gee

You snicker at Geel.

Trystan takes a bite of some freshly-baked thick crust boulder bread.

Kaiah says, "The cook vendors can sell frozen carrots for when you start teething."

Snaek says to Doxx, "We'll merge those too."

Pyratherndar grins toothilly.

Hock says to Doxx, "It's going to be a teething pain."

Geel asks Seren, "Can you make oatmeal?"
chu

You chuckle.

Seren says, "For you ... of course."

Geel says to Seren, "Then I am all set."

Trystan says, "A good wife would just chew her husbands food for him."

Pahzrael nods to Trystan.

Hock asks Snaek, "Any progress on cows?"

Seren glances at Trystan.

Snaek shows Trystan the door.

Pyratherndar gets a smooth light green turquoise from a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack.

Geel says to Trystan, "Sere blanches at the things I eat."

Kaiah asks Trystan, "Do you get slapped in public?"
cac

You cackle.

Seren says to Trystan, "I dont think so."

Pyratherndar gives a smooth light green turquoise to Seren.

Kaiah says, "Cause I go to college with a guy named Trystan and he talks just like that. I nailed him from across the lecture hall with my calculator."
snic kai

You snicker at Kaiah.

Trystan chuckles.

Snaek asks Austere, "Where do we stand with cows?"

Geel flicks his tongue.

Visyn asks Kaiah, "You didn't have anything sharper?"

Eabo says, "Moo."

Austere says to Snaek, "They're female, so they're banned."

Hock chuckles.

Saphira says to Snaek, "Up wind if we are lucky."

Kaiah says to Visyn, "No weapon policy on campus, and I like my mechanical pencil."

Eabo says, "They are gonna bust an udder."

Trystan says, "I was thinking on a plate."
Kaiah snickers at Eabo.

Saphira punches Austere in his eye.

Austere says, "Exhibit A."

Austere points at itself.

Pahzrael cackles.

Pyratherndar laughs.

Hock asks Austere, "Any chance they will be milkable soon?"

Austere says, "Right in the coconut."

Geel asks Hock, "Arent they now?"

Pyratherndar says, "You can milk them now I think."

Seren says, "They are."
Pahzrael says, "Good thing I don't have a gender, or I would have to take sides."

Geel furrows his brow.

Seren asks, "Aren't they?"

Hock says to Geel, "Nope."

Snaek says to Hock, "I dont know why cows have been such a problem. That is Austere's area. I know they've frozen up a few times in the past."

Pyratherndar says, "Yes."

Geel says, "They were."

Pyratherndar says, "You can milk them."

Saphira says, "They had issues."

Pyratherndar says, "Oohhhh."

Saphira says, "It froze the whole game and crashed everything."

Eabo asks Pyratherndar, "When did you milk one?"

Seren says, "Mock you have to sweet talk them."

Geel asks, "Blink just sucks the milk straight now?"

Hock says, "You used to be able to but it was causing the game to lag up bad so staff disabled milking."
say hoc rub the nip..er udders first

You say to Hock, "Rub the nip..er udders first."

Saphira says to Hock, "We are currently in negotiations with their union leader."
hand snae

You raise your hand to Snaek.

Snaek says to Hock, "Now that Austere is painfully aware of the problem, I'd expect the milk to start flowing again soon."

Hock asks you, "Since when are you so polite?"

Hock grins at Snaek.

Trystan says, "Right after the doors start working...."

Saphira glares at Trystan.

Hock laughs.

Pahzrael says to Trystan, "Likely a user error."

Trystan nods.

Eabo snickers.
gest try swiftly\nA dead horse suddenly appears in Trystan's possessions!

You gesture at Trystan swiftly
A dead horse suddenly appears in Trystan's possessions!

Hock laughs.

Saphira exclaims, "Beat it!"
Trystan grins at you.

Pahzrael glances.

Pahzrael says, "Not sure I came here for that kind of show."

Austere says, "A lot went into the way buckets played into milking."

Saphira says, "Next week the king will officially ban doors."

Hock snickers.

Pyratherndar scoots away from the dead house.

Pyratherndar says, "Hours."

Trystan laughs.

Trystan asks, "Take 3?"

Pyratherndar blushes.

Pyratherndar shakes her head from side to side.

Eabo pats Pyratherndar.

Pahzrael asks, "Hors'd ouvers?"
glan ser

You glance at Seren.

Pyratherndar takes a drink from a steaming cup of creamed coffee.
Saphira exclaims to Pyratherndar, "Get a shorter name!"
rai hopefully

You raise an eyebrow hopefully.

Hock says to Austere, "Yes, I noticed you MUST have a bucket. A cooking pot won't do."
Pahzrael says to Pyratherndar, "Yeah."

Pyratherndar says, "Pyra."

Pyratherndar says, "That simple."

Austere says, "I don't expect to see it back until that is simplified. Anyone who put a second bucket down saw the jankiness."

Trystan says to Pyratherndar, "They're just jealous."

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "If you're not on I have to type your whole name and I'm not that smart."
say aus refill bucket from cow?

You ask Austere, "Refill bucket from cow?"
Saphira laughs.

Hock says to Austere, "I had that issue with just the one bucket."

Seren says, "There goes the butter trade."

Hock smiles.

Pyratherndar says, "Pyratherndar."

Austere pushes a brown cow from the east.

Trystan says, "See, easy."

Austere leans on a brown cow.

Pahzrael says to Austere, "Just take buckets out of wood crafting and make them have to be baought there simplified."
say sap make an alias

You say to Saphira, "Make an alias."
Hock says to Seren, "No. You can buy glasses of milk to make butter. But you are throwing in the glass too."

Geel says to Saphira, "You should just number us all."

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "Just messing with you."

Eabo whines to Pahzrael.

Pyratherndar says, "I know."

Saphira says to Geel, "Yes."

Hock pets cow.

Hock mumbles.

Geel exclaims to Saphira, "Hello 14!"

Pyratherndar says, "By the way you have the name I wanted."
hand snae

You raise your hand to Snaek.

Snaek listens to you.
The food dood... took our orders.... and zen....?

Saphira says to Geel, "I am number 42."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Huh?

Trystan smirks.
'The food dood... took our orders.... and zen....?

You ask, "The food dood... took our orders.... and zen....?"

Geel says to Saphira, "No, you just think you are."

Austere asks Hock, "Are you saying you want gallon jugs of milk?"

Pahzrael says to you, "Ernest ate it all."
' ahh

You say, "Ahh."
cur

You curse.

Pyratherndar says, "Pyra=fire."

Austere says, "Recyclable..."

Snaek says to you, "Holidays. The food dood will be on the calendar this month to deliver."
smi

You smile.

Saphira says to you, "Yeah well some people had to order stuff that we don't currently have resources for."

Hock says to Austere, "No. I need gallons. It's in a recipe."
' ty

You say, "Ty."

Trystan listens to Pyratherndar.

Geel asks Snaek, "Is that an official title?"
flai sap

You flail your arms at Saphira.

Geel tilts his head to the side.

Snaek says, "There's a lot of RP scheduled for this month. It's not until Feb and March that we get into coding for the combat system upgrade."

Seren asks Hock, "What are you making?"

Snaek says to Geel, "It has a nice ring to it."

Hock grins at Seren.
say snae the trade updates in yet?

You ask Snaek, "The trade updates in yet?"

Hock shows some scale-rot to Seren.

Geel says to Snaek, "It does. Sorry I never learned to cook now."

Snaek says to Geel, "Never needed to."

Seren says, "Ahh the good stuff."

Hock grins.

Pyratherndar takes a drink from a steaming cup of creamed coffee.

Bocon asks, "Is JC still off the block for crafting update?"

Hock blinks.
poi boc

You point at Bocon.

Hock asks, "JC?"
cac

Snaek says to you, "Bits and pieces of the trade update have already gone in. These skills are almost always getting adjusted."
You cackle.

Hock asks, "Jesus Christ?"

Bocon says to Hock, "Yes."
say sna ty

You say to Snaek, "Ty."

Hock chuckles.

Austere says to Bocon, "A bunch of jewelry was added to the carving lists."

The air above Pahzrael begins to ripple.
Suddenly, a glass vial of ghoultouch appears in Pahzrael's possession.
whisp hoc jewel craftin

You whisper to Hock, "Jewel craftin.".

Hock grins at you.

Bocon says to Austere, "Yeah, I'm talking the stand alone skill taht uses the gems you can mine."

Bocon says, "That*."

Hock raises an eyebrow at Pahzrael.

Kaiah stares at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael says, "No. gems are for collecting in bank boxes. end of story."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Hock asks Pahzrael, "The good stuff?"

Bocon chuckles.
pout pah

You pout at Pahzrael.

Bocon says, "My bank is crying."
show jun boc

You show a wyvern-painted leather junk sack to Bocon.

Pahzrael sniffs a glass vial of ghoultouch.
show jun pah

You show a wyvern-painted leather junk sack to Pahzrael.

Pyratherndar carefully gets closer to Snaek then moves behind him as a shield.

Pahzrael cackles.

Visyn asks you, "Want to see my arrows?"

Bocon says to you, "Those will never be used, lol."
disagree vis

You shake your head from side to side to Visyn.

Pahzrael becomes stiff and immobile!
Pahzrael resists the poison.
Pahzrael takes a drink from a glass vial of ghoultouch.

Pahzrael becomes stiff and immobile!
shri

You shriek.

Saphira flails her arms.

Geel asks Visyn, "Still using that line on the ladies?"

Hock says, "Ahhhhh."

Requiem grins.

Hock grins.

Pyratherndar ducks.
Saphira exclaims to Visyn, "You'll crash the game!"
emo searches Pahzrael's possesions!

Xiija searches Pahzrael's possesions!

Snaek says to Bocon, "It's never worked as we'd like. It's going in along with tailoring though. With as much attention as trade skills have gotten lately, I bet you'll see it make it into the update next month."

Kaiah says to Visyn, "Oh god please don't."
cac gee

You cackle at Geel.

Visyn grins at Geel.

Bocon says, "Oh, nice."

Visyn says to Geel, "It's my bread and butter."

Geel asks Visyn, "May I borrow it?"
Your muscles relax again.

Pahzrael moans.

Hock chuckles.

Snaek says to Bocon, "We didn't have a good pricing approach the first time either."

Hock blinks.
' oo bug?

You ask, "Oo bug?"

Bocon says, "Yeah."

Hock says, "Yep."
nod

You nod.

Eabo nods his head up and down.

Snaek says, "Now thanks to Saphira, we can price our crafting lists on par with what they should be."

Pahzrael stands up.
appl sap

You applaud Saphira.

Pahzrael launches into the air with a powerful downward thrust of its wings.

Bocon nods.

Eabo says to Saphira, "Thank you."

Bocon says, "Nice."
hov baack

You hover baack.

Pahzrael exclaims, "Everythings a dollar!"

Pahzrael cackles.

Eabo groans.
Seren sighs.

Bocon says, "That's probably still fine."

Snaek chuckles.

Hock asks Snaek, "Foragable nuts out there yet?"

Bocon says, "I don't think anyone here has an issue with money..."

Pyratherndar raises her hand.
say hoc got my muts from a hippie

You say to Hock, "Got my muts from a hippie."

Geel says to Bocon, "You can never be too rich."

Geel grunts.

Pyratherndar says, "I want to get a house someday."

Bocon says, "Hunt the crypt, collect loots, win game."

Eabo says to Pyratherndar, "Huntmania."

Hock asks you, "Hippies selling dogs these days?"

Seren asks, "Speaking of foraging.. will cinnamon ever be found somewhere?"
chu hoc

You chuckle at Hock.

Pahzrael says to Seren, "Pyrous."

Hock grins.

Trystan says, "No crafting skills..."
say ser or lavendar

You say to Seren, "Or lavendar."

Pahzrael says to you, "Aerthane."

Pyratherndar says, "Dont you think I hunt muliple times a day."

Seren says, "We'll have to get our ports in line for a cinnamon run."

Snaek says to Hock, "Huh. Apparently none of the forests have forageable nuts."

Pyratherndar says, "No they dont."

Pahzrael stares at Snaek.

Hock says to Snaek, "I know. You were going to check on that for me."

Kaiah says to Pyratherndar, "You can make quite a bit at the crypts. Hobgoblins seem comparable as well."

Hock chuckles at Snaek.

Pahzrael says to Snaek, "You must have missed the memo."

Snaek asks Pahzrael, "They do now?"

Hock listens to Pahzrael.

Eabo says, "I've chased squirrels for days and no nuts."

Pahzrael says to Snaek, "I heard rumors they might in Ban'ghard."

Pahzrael whistles.
say pah tetherias

You say to Pahzrael, "Tetherias."

Hock grins at Pahzrael.

Bocon says, "The hunting grounds do not pay what they should be honestly."

Snaek says, "We'll get them added to all the forests."

Saphira says to Snaek, "Lots of nuts on Aerthane."

Geel says to you, "Poppies on tetherias."
Wren coughs.

Geel winks at you.

Austere says, "Some of those rabid squirrels are nuts."
grin
You grin.

Hock says, "Excellent."

Austere nods to Saphira.
Trystan glances around for Blink.

Pyratherndar raises her hand.

Saphira says to Trystan, "Not that kind of nut."

Trystan snaps his fingers.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek says to Hock, "I see where you're going with this."

Hock nods his head up and down.

Snaek says to Hock, "We'll get the milk and nut supply going."

Eabo elbows Wren slightly.

Austere asks Hock, "Where are we with peppers?"

Snaek laughs at Austere.

Hock says to Snaek, "It was frustrating to have that new recipe but have to buy all the ingredients."

Hock grins.

Austere says to Snaek, "May as well run a CWP next time."
chu  softly , stretching a wirey tattoo'd arm to the sky...

You chuckle softly , stretching a wirey tattoo'd arm to the sky...

Snaek says to Austere, "I think this was it."

Austere says to Snaek, "We'll ask the questions. They know more than we do."

Trystan bites his lower lip.

Hock says to Snaek, "You could add Peppers to the list. Currently have to buy those too."
Pahzrael nods to Austere.

Bocon asks, "Will cooking ever make foods that give a temp stat or hp/mp/stam boost?"
swoo boc

You swoon at Bocon.

Saphira says to Hock, "We have to have some resources that are only available on other islands as well."

Pahzrael says, "Well, there is a new forest opening soon. maybe we can fulfill some of those needs there."

Snaek asks Hock, "They can't be found on one of the farms?"

Eabo asks Bocon, "Eat a snowman nose?"

Hock says to Snaek, "Not that I have ever found."

Austere says to Bocon, "I do believe some food gives boosts."

Saphira says to Austere, "Soups and such."

Snaek says to Bocon, "They already do, but yes we will be expanding on that as you go up the list."

Bocon nods.

Pahzrael says to Austere, "All cooked food gives something."

Pyratherndar says, "I am just curious about the spell thing."

Austere flails around trying to maintain his bearings.

Saphira says to Snaek, "We can get peppers in at both farms."

Pahzrael says, "Even if it is food poisoning."

Snaek says to Bocon, "Included in that trade update is a brewing skill for drinks. That will introduce some of what you are looking for as well."

Pyratherndar says, "Sorry ill wait."

Saphira asks Pyratherndar, "What spell thing?"
whist

You whistle.
Hock asks Saphira, "Pull them when those islands open?"
Doxx leaves west.

Bocon asks, "Does that mean other high crafted items will also do the same?"

Pyratherndar says, "Ill wait."

Bocon says, "Like armors and jewlery."

Hock says to Saphira, "Some disease wipes them out on this one and now they wont grow......"

Hock shrugs.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Doxx has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         

l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Guvar the Human, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, and Saphira the Sphinx 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael says, "The lichen margarine plague."

Pahzrael nods slowly.

Saphira says to Hock, "We'll have snaek blow them up."
chu pah

You chuckle at Pahzrael.

Hock grins.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Not exactly. Cooking is a unique skill compared to the other crafting skills."

Austere asks Hock, "Almond milk?"

Pyratherndar says, "What do you need to work on to make jewerly."

Hock says to Austere, "Both nuts and milk. I like it."
say try can you remove alcohol poisoning or cure headaches yet?

You ask Trystan, "Can you remove alcohol poisoning or cure headaches yet?"
rai try

You raise an eyebrow at Trystan.

Austere says to Hock, "Brewing ftw."
Saphira says to Hock, "It's really good too."

Bocon says, "I'd just like to see all the crafting skills be useful."

Trystan says to you, "Haven't tried lately."
nod

You nod.
Hock grins.
get flas jun

You get a tin flask of brandy from a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.
dri flas

You take a drink from a tin flask of brandy.
You hiccup.
[Delay: 3.0 sec.]

aff
 
You are affected by: 
You are definitely drunk.
poi try

You point at Trystan.

Trystan prays to Aerthane that you be purified of your poisons.
You pass out.
wake
You are sleeping!

You wake up.
aff
 
You are affected by: Nothing!
' no headache sorry

You say, "No headache sorry."
chu

You chuckle.
Trystan says, "Still passing out."

Pahzrael says to Trystan, "You need about fifty more levels I think."
nod
You nod.
flai pah

You flail your arms at Pahzrael.
Trystan says to Pahzrael, "Thanks."

Pahzrael nods slowly.

Saphira says to you, "Light weight."

Saphira snickers.
grunt

You grunt.

Trystan says, "I still don't understand the passing out part."
put flas jun

You put a tin flask of brandy in a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.

Snaek says to Bocon, "We do as well. Crafting is a key feature here but there's only so much we can give to players. I want them to be important, but I dont want to see everyone with the same small wooden shield because it's got a stat bonus."

Saphira says to Trystan, "Drink enough you pass out."

Pahzrael asks Trystan, "Shock to the system?"

Pyratherndar says, "1)What do you need to work on to make jewerly 2) perhaps knowing what you need to work to get a certain spell would be nice 3) is the dragon wvyern thing over."
' should fliers fall when they pass out?

You ask, "Should fliers fall when they pass out?"

Saphira says to Trystan, "In RL that is usually followed by throwing up and possibly an ER visit."

Saphira says to you, "Yes and get squished."
cac sap

You cackle at Saphira.

Trystan says to Saphira, "You don't drink much, do you."
say pyr 1 blacksmithing

You say to Pyratherndar, "1 Blacksmithing."

Guvar departs from the world.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Guvar has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         


Seren says, "It'd be nice if the cups and mugs that you make ... hold more liquid."
nod ser

You nod to Seren.

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "Keep at mining."

Guvar returns.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Guvar has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Guvar the Human                                             


Hock ponders.

Hock says, "I think I'm close."

Hock howls.

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "2. A full list of skills will be made available in September. Not before as we are still adding and changing skills."

Eabo says to Hock, "You should be jeez."

Eabo grins at Hock.

Hock chuckles at Eabo.
whisp pyr lvl 15 mining = blacksmithing

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Lvl 15 mining = blacksmithing.".

Snaek says, "The dragon/wyvern events will continue up until (spoiler alert) they become available as playable races. Either just before or just after our release date."

Pahzrael gasps at Snaek.

Pyratherndar whispers to you, "What do I need to get voices.".

Trystan glances at you.

Pyratherndar says, "I kinda figured that but I wanted to make sure."
gest xii swiftly\nXiija turns into a Wyvern!

You gesture at yourself swiftly
Xiija turns into a Wyvern!

Snaek says to Pahzrael, "Right? Now we all know how this plays out."

Snaek sighs.

Pahzrael dives out of the air and lands safely.

Pahzrael comforts Snaek.

Trystan says, "We lose this lovely group to a game filled with wyverns and dragons."

Pahzrael says to Snaek, "How about a merchant class to open up the really kewl crafting and crappy combat skills."
chu

You chuckle.

Hock chuckles.

Saphira says to Trystan, "Xiija will then go into a cocoon and emerge a wyvern."
nod  thoughtfully

You nod thoughtfully.

Trystan says to Saphira, "Yah, that's what the game needs."

Saphira asks Trystan, "Your temple needs more drama right?"

Trystan nods his head up and down.

Pahzrael snickers.

Snaek says to Saphira, "That's how the first was born probably."
' and be hunted to death

You say, "And be hunted to death."
win

You wince.

Trystan says to you, "Over and over and over again... okay, I'm in."
Snaek says, "Actually spent a good bit of time working on wyverns last month."
Kaiah says to you, "I'll give you a head start."
cac try

You cackle at Trystan.
appl sna

You applaud Snaek.
grunt kai

You grunt at Kaiah.

Snaek says, "There's a lot in this game that requires hands. You don't realize it until you play a wyvern."

Pahzrael bares its teeth at you.
hiss 

You hiss.

Eabo says, "But thats the challange."

Eabo grins.
say snae they got no hands?

You ask Snaek, "They got no hands?"
stare

You stare.

Snaek says to you, "They aint got none."

Austere says, "Nope, no hands."

Wren says to you, "Wing-arms."
' wow

You say, "Wow."
' skrew that

You say, "Skrew that."

Saphira bats at Xiija with a paw.

Austere says, "Barely."

Snaek says, "Insider info here."
cac sap

You cackle at Saphira.
l sap

Saphira looks like a slim 33 year old female Sphinx.
She has golden eyes and long, wavy, platinum blonde hair.
She is 9 feet 1 inch tall and weighs 974 pounds.
She has an aura of Archai.
Saphira is in perfect health.

Long flowing platinum blonde hair frames her pristine visage as it cascades down her shoulders. She gazes wisely over her electrum half-rimmed glasses with wide golden eyes. From her elbows down, and below her waist her form resembles that of a large white furred lioness with a platinum blonde tuft at the end of her sinuous tail. Two enormous white wings protrude from her back that despite their great size, seem to be more for appearance than functionality.

She is wearing:

Eyes            : some electrum half-rimmed glasses
Neck            : a flawless star sapphire pendant


Pyratherndar whispers to you, "Do you know when a mage gets voices.".

Snaek says, "They scavenge their kills for the loot and consume the body for health."

Austere says, "Maybe a little claw-nail thing on the elbow."

Hock says to you, "It just means Wyverns are good with thier tongues."
whisp pyr no, my mage is low lvl sorry

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "No, my mage is low lvl sorry.".

Eabo ponders.
say nice

You say, "Nice."

Eabo grins.

Austere says, "So wyverns can use their smart phones in the OOOCC."

Wren says, "They could have grabby wing-claws like bats do for gripping."
grip wre with a grabby wing-claw

You are too far away.

Pyratherndar says, "Ok can you please tell me when a magi gets voices ( and not the I'm nutz voices)."
emo grip Wren with a grabby wing-claw

Xiija grip Wren with a grabby wing-claw.

Trystan asks, "25?"

Eabo asks, "Is there a difference?"

Hock grins at Eabo.

Pyratherndar says, "Sometimes no."

Eabo grins at Pyratherndar.

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "Level 10 wall."

Kaiah says to Wren, "Don't describe them like bats, I might entertain the idea of one as a pet."

Pahzrael asks Pyratherndar, "Don't you know any mages who can do it?"

Trystan chuckles.

Pyratherndar says, "Not that will tell."
say pyr ask Blink

You say to Pyratherndar, "Ask Blink."
glan ser

You glance at Seren.
glan ser

You glance at Seren.

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "Blink will tell you everything and then some."

Seren says to Pyratherndar, "We dont remember."

Pahzrael snickers.
say pyr the INFO site will be up soon!

You exclaim to Pyratherndar, "The INFO site will be up soon!"
smir

You smirk.

Seren says, "And yes blink will."

Pyratherndar says, "Blink is here lbalkblakmblakmlbknlbnalkblab and poof."

Pyratherndar says, "The end."

Trystan grins.

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "Get your wall to 10."

Pyratherndar says to Saphira, "Thank you."

Hock grins.

Saphira beams at Pyratherndar.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Saphira the Sphinx, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar says, "For all of you that make this game I was you all to know in all sincerity 'i love it."
' its awesome

You say, "Its awesome."

Hock says, "And that's no crazy voices either."

Pyratherndar says, "You can tell a lot of hard work goes into this game."
say aus lockpicking?

You ask Austere, "Lockpicking?"
bat aus

You bat your eyes at Austere.

Hock exclaims to you, "Good question!"

Pyratherndar says, "Even when people split into two pices."
hum
You hum.

The air above Pahzrael begins to ripple.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Suddenly, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches slowly fades into existence.


Pahzrael lies down on some paisley-patterned long cotton couches.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Kristauf has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Trystan the Human                                           
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Kristauf the Human                                          


Pahzrael takes a drink from an ice cold beer.

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "This hasn't been one of the finer moments, at least for me, but I promise there's a plan laid out where this all comes together at the right time. We'll invite all those people back that have expressed interest over the years and together we'll win them all over."

Pahzrael asks, "I do work hard, don't I?"
smi

You smile.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, a moss-covered granite boulder, and some paisley-patterned long cotton couches.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Trystan the Human, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (lying down) on some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Saphira the Sphinx, Guvar the Human, and Kristauf the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Hock chuckles at Pahzrael.
push cou w

You can't move some paisley-patterned long cotton couches.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Kristauf peers at Snaek.

Kaiah says to Pahzrael, "Your shoulders must be sore."
push bould w

You push a moss-covered granite boulder west.
Saphira says to Pahzrael, "Hardly work."
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

wink try

You wink at Trystan.
push tray s

You can't move a chrome serving tray.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Trystan says to you, "Now you're in for it."
grunt

You grunt.

Pahzrael says to Kaiah, "You have no idea."

Austere says, "Lockpicking will have its day, we're preparing for it."

Pyratherndar says to Snaek, "I think that this is great, and keeps getting better."

Snaek says, "The summer will be interesting. A lot of testing of the new combat system."
appl aus

You applaud Austere.

Pahzrael asks Kaiah, "Can I get a shoulder rub?"

Geel says, "Phaz I have a really fat tie made out of that same material."

Geel says to Pahzrael, "I have a really fat tie made out of that same material."

Kaiah says to Pahzrael, "I'm a fitness trainer, not a physical therapist."

Pahzrael pats some paisley-patterned long cotton couches.

Pahzrael says to Geel, "You do have good taste."

Trystan waves to Pahzrael.

Geel says to Pahzrael, "Yes."
l w



[OOC Convention Center, Pearl Corridor.]

A row of glass doors forces attendees to bottleneck into a single queue line.  Velvet ropes act as borders herding the masses of spectators and convention-goers alike.  A bald man wearing a plain black shirt and armed with a ticket scanner groans with each new arrival.  You notice an open glass door, and a moss-covered granite boulder. 

Also here: a bald man wearing a plain black shirt

Obvious Exits: east. 

Bocon says, "Can you look into the success chance for inflict plague? It's still the same chance when I try it on the lowest level I can find vs the highest. Failing 10 times on a super low level monster is annoying."
poi boc

You point at Bocon.

Bocon says, "And is something I reported the second week it was out."

Trystan glances up and thanks the Gods.

Pahzrael says, "But with it, you can hunt and take down almost anything."
chu try

You chuckle at Trystan.

Wren points at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael asks you, "Right?"
say pah shhh

You say to Pahzrael, "Shhh."

Snaek says to Bocon, "It could depend on the mob you are targeting. Some are more resistant to disease than others."
say pah not a necromancer

Bocon says, "It really doesn't."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You say to Pahzrael, "Not a necromancer."
pout

You pout.

Snaek says, "In a cruel twist of fate, most undead is probably resistant."

Kaiah says, "It also does over a hundred points in damage in one successful cast."

Trystan says to Pahzrael, "Wrong, lots are immune."

Bocon says, "I've failed 10 times in a row on everything."

Wren points at Kaiah.
say kai shh

You say to Kaiah, "Shh."

Snaek nods to Bocon.

Snaek says to Bocon, "I'll take a look."
pray inflict kai



You inflict an festering plague at Kaiah.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Kaiah says to you, "No. I'm calling out one man armies as fast as I call out wet noodles."

Bocon nods.
poi

You point.
' no effect

You say, "No effect."

Kaiah says to you, "Keep trying."

Kaiah nods.

Bocon says, "Doesn't work on undead."
Pahzrael says, "Only thing that shouldnt be plagued like undead and statues should be immune."

Bocon shrugs.
' yah but msg says it hit

You say, "Yah but msg says it hit."

Snaek says, "The next scheduled update/patch isn't until next month. This will have a lot of bug fixes and introduce some new skills."
appl sna

You applaud Snaek.

Pyratherndar says, "Does the spells get stronger and their lvl get stronger (which makes sence)."

Kaiah says, "And I get that's a bug, but it's not a successful cast if it didn't take. That message irks me, too."

Kaiah says, "Believe me."

Kristauf says to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, "I really should just get on my laptop.. trying to keep up.from my phone is a bitch."
smi

You smile.

Trystan says, "You have to watch for the cringe."

Kristauf laughs.

Pahzrael says, "Why would you plague something undead when you can turn or holy strike the crap out of it easier."
Bocon says, "Yeah, they are."

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "They will with the new system. A lot of spells get more successful as you go up, but the level of opponent isn't currently changing."
nod  thoughtfully

You nod thoughtfully.
turn pah

You can only turn the undead.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

turn aus

You can only turn the undead.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Seren asks, "Will our storms be working?"
turn sna

You can only turn the undead.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

turn sap

Snaek nods to Seren.

You can only turn the undead.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Seren beams.
' AOE?

You ask, "AOE?"
stare

You stare.
Trystan says, "Nice."

Pyratherndar says, "I'd love to see what one looks like."

Bocon chuckles.

Eabo says, "Aoe would be so nice."

Snaek says to Pyratherndar, "You've likely seen Blink summon a bolt of lightning."

Bocon says, "Inc power storm farming in hobbies."

Pyratherndar says, "Oh ya."

Pyratherndar says, "He did that last night."
cac

You cackle.

Pyratherndar says, "And he was so super non schallaunt."

Trystan asks you, "Not an AOE?"
shru

Pyratherndar says, "What the hell is AOE."
You shrug.

Pyratherndar coughs.

Pyratherndar says, "Heck."

Pyratherndar says, "Heck."

Trystan says, "Area of effect."

Eabo says to Pyratherndar, "Area of affect."
Saphira says, "Watched the ferry captain get hit by lighting the other day."
' Area of effect.. hits all in the room

You say, "Area of effect.. hits all in the room."

Pyratherndar says, "Thanks."

Eabo says, "Unless you are on the same team."

Snaek says to you, "There's some different kinds of those in testing now."

Kaiah says, "I was hit by lightning on another game."
DOT is damage over time.. pulsing like plague

Huh?
Kaiah says, "That hurt."
'DOT is damage over time.. pulsing like plague

You say, "DOT is damage over time.. pulsing like plague."
grin pyr

You grin at Pyratherndar.

Trystan asks you, "What's turning?"
pray inflict pyr



You fail to inflict a plague at Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Snaek pokes Trystan.

Pyratherndar summons a molten ball of lava, hardening into a protective wall around herself.
Pyratherndar looks protected!
say try the only one hit crit in game?

You ask Trystan, "The only one hit crit in game?"
duck

You duck.

Eabo asks, "Are pinning an duel shot being looked at for when range tactics go in?"

Pyratherndar says to you, "I not going to shoot at you, I give you my word."
smir

You smirk.
listen eab

You listen to Eabo.

Snaek says to Eabo, "Before that. At least some sort of 2nd shot effort for bows. We haven't evolved to a point of adding range within a room yet."

Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "You're a lava lamp."
Trystan whispers to you, "Is turning a sore subject here?".
emo advances 2 UD's!

Xiija advances 2 UD's!

Bocon says, "Will most classes be getting some kind of root ability? Cause it's really needed."
whisp try hmm dunno

You whisper to Trystan, "Hmm dunno.".
flai boc

You flail your arms at Bocon.
Visyn nods to Bocon.

Pyratherndar says to Saphira, "Yes I am."

Requiem whispers to you, "Stop that you are bringing back bad memories!".
whisp req lol sry

You whisper to Requiem, "Lol sry.".

Wren nods her head up and down to Bocon.

Trystan asks, "They don't already?"

Snaek says to Bocon, "Skills are being shifted around a bit to make sure there is always that one core skill to branch from, but it's never going to be a situation where everything you learn comes from one skill."
say try pummel

You say to Trystan, "Pummel."

Visyn says, "Targeted attacks would be great."

Bocon says, "Thieves with paraly, Ankle shot for scouts, root for mages."

Trystan says, "That kinda root."

Bocon says, "Yes."
say boc would you like a SHEEP with that?

You ask Bocon, "Would you like a SHEEP with that?"

Trystan laughs.

Bocon chuckles.

Pyratherndar laughs.
emo Sheeps Bocon!

Xiija Sheeps Bocon!

Hock says to you, "Only if it goes BOOM! with AOE."

Bocon says, "PvP just isn't worth it when you type a direction for easy freedom."
' lol

You say, "Lol."
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Like a bind? We already have those in some forms and yes there will be others added."

The wall of Fire surrounding Pyratherndar dissipates.

Pyratherndar says, "PVP sucks."

Trystan says to Snaek, "Yes, bind."

Bocon says, "Yeah, bind."

Trystan comforts Pyratherndar.

Trystan asks Pyratherndar, "Having a bad day are ya?"

Bocon says to Pyratherndar, "Then you're in luck, cause you can type any direction and not have to die ever."

Trystan leaves west.
l w



[OOC Convention Center, Pearl Corridor.]

A row of glass doors forces attendees to bottleneck into a single queue line.  Velvet ropes act as borders herding the masses of spectators and convention-goers alike.  A bald man wearing a plain black shirt and armed with a ticket scanner groans with each new arrival.  You notice an open glass door, and a moss-covered granite boulder. 

Also here: a bald man wearing a plain black shirt, and Trystan the Human

Obvious Exits: east. 


Pyratherndar exclaims, "Yay!"

Trystan pushes a moss-covered granite boulder into here.

Trystan arrives from the west.
flai try

You flail your arms at Trystan.

Bocon says, "Unless you get trapped in a temple with 4 people hunting you and not letting you out."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (lying down) on some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, and Trystan the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael waves its hands around a moss-covered granite boulder.

Kaiah snickers.

Pahzrael cackles.

Kaiah says, "Then you hide and hope they're mageless."
wav her hands around Pahzael!

You wave her hands around Pahzael!

Bocon says, "Hahaha yeah."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (lying down) on some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, and Trystan the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar says, "Oh."
' scry?

You ask, "Scry?"
glan aus

You glance at Austere.
glan snae

You glance at Snaek.

Austere says to you, "Well..."

Pyratherndar says, "When you need to use assist does that expire or stay."

Snaek says to you, "Scry is a diviner ability."

Bocon says, "Oooooh."

Trystan chuckles.

Austere nods to Snaek.
pout

You pout.

Bocon says, "I honestly forgot about them."

Requiem whispers to you, "Thats called tracking.".
cac req

You cackle at Requiem.

Trystan says to Pyratherndar, "It stays."

Bocon asks, "Will they be going in before live as well?"
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Visyn asks, "Are there plans to implement a search option to find hidden people or exits?"

Pyratherndar says, "Thats good to know."

Hock asks, "Are Diviners playable now?"

Wren says to Hock, "Nope."

Hock says, "Guess not."

Hock chuckles.

Snaek says, "You'll see mention of diviners and arcanists in the dragon story. Their magic was lost when the dragons left."

Eabo says, "Poor guys."
emo searches the room for hidden people

Xiija searches the room for hidden people.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (lying down) on some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, and Trystan the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

Pahzrael stands up.

Saphira says, "What good is search if you can't unhide them."

Pyratherndar nods.

Wren points at Saphira.
search

Huh?
Pahzrael exclaims, "Boo!"

Pahzrael cackles.

Snaek says to Visyn, "Yes, after player levels are implemented so thieves have a chance of not being detected."

Saphira says, "People I mean. Mages can find hidden people but can't reveal them."

Trystan says, "I hate the fact you can whisper to someone and stay hidden."

Bocon says, "Speaking of that. People are still able to hide with plague on them."

Bocon says, "That's gotta be a bug."
say sap cant cast after you find em?

You ask Saphira, "Cant cast after you find em?"

Seren asks, "Cant we reveal them if we slow them?"

Wren says to Saphira, "They can target them once revealed."

Hock asks Snaek, "Just thieves?"
poi ser

You point at Seren.
pray inflict boc



You inflict an festering plague at Bocon.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Trystan glances at you.

Snaek says to Hock, "Habit. Anyone hidden."

Trystan inflicts an festering plague at you.
You resist the attack.

Hock grins.
Saphira says, "There is a 3 second window in which to strike then they are hidden again."
pray disease ward 


You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

Bocon chuckles.

Seren says to Saphira, "Yes hard to be that fast."

Trystan inflicts an festering plague at you.
You resist the attack.

Bocon says, "I find it odd you can still hide while in combat with a DoT on you."
' delay

You say, "Delay."
nod ser
You nod to Seren.

Saphira says to Seren, "You can't get a slow spell off fast enough."
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.
Seren nods.

Saphira says, "Unless you initiate combat first."

Snaek says to Bocon, "You were correct. It is a bug."

Kaiah asks, "Why would people not stay hidden while whispering?"

Trystan revokes Disease Ward from you.
Your natural defenses against disease take over.
say ser use da knife
You say to Seren, "Use da knife."
Bocon nods.
grunt try

You grunt at Trystan.

Bocon chuckles.

Pahzrael prays to Archai for divine sight.
Pahzrael's eyes begin to glow as it studies its surroundings.
Bocon inflicts an festering plague at you.
You resist the attack.

Trystan says, "If I can hear you, I should be able to see you."

Kaiah says, "Not necessarily."

Wren says, "I disagree."
Hock says to Trystan, "Not true."

Austere inflicts a festering typo at Trystan.
Trystan welcomes the attack.
cac

You cackle.

Trystan rolls his eyes at Austere.
Pyratherndar says, "If your whispering you shouldn't be able to be seen."

Saphira says to Trystan, "Unless someone is whispering from a dark corner."

Visyn says to Snaek, "It would be nice if it were implemented before the ways not to be detected. Hiding is like having immunity."

Pyratherndar says, "If you hidden and whispering to someone next to you."

Trystan says to Saphira, "Then it's not whispering, it's talking."

Pyratherndar says, "Isn't that they point of whispering so others can't hear you."

Trystan says, "If you're next to me, I can see you easily enough if I try."
murm snae in Sylvan
whisper snae Racial languages!

You murmur to Snaek in Sylvan.
You whisper to Snaek, "Racial languages!".
rai snae

You raise an eyebrow at Snaek.

Wren says to Trystan, "Talking reveals you, sadly, otherwise maybe that's how we'd go about it."

Saphira says to Trystan, "The talking is in your head. You should see a doctor about that."

Visyn says, "Or even some kind of limit on how long you can be hidden based on your hide level."

Kaiah says, "Clearly, you weren't good at hide and seek."

Trystan says to Saphira, "Twice a week, thank you very much."

Wren says, "I'd love to be able to talk while hidden."

Pahzrael asks, "Say snaek any hope of ever having light and darkness mean anything?"

Kaiah says, "I request the ability to throw your voice."

Trystan chuckles.

Pyratherndar says, "Why it is keep telling me Xiija's health."
say wre you hear someone form the shjadows say ' oh my!'

You say to Wren, "You hear someone form the shjadows say ' oh my!'."

Snaek says to you, "Time dependent. That's something I am okay with going into our opening without if there isn't time for it. Truthfully it's broken and there's a lot I have to clean up to find out where the break is."

Saphira asks Pyratherndar, "Are you still part of her group?"

Wren exclaims to you, "Something to that effect!"
say snae ty

You say to Snaek, "Ty."
diag

Xiija's group:

Xiija is in perfect health and is fully rested.

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek asks Pahzrael, "As in daylight?"
Geel says to Pyratherndar, "You may be in combat with here."

Geel says, "Her."
w

stand
You need to stand first.
You stand up.
w


[OOC Convention Center, Pearl Corridor.]

A row of glass doors forces attendees to bottleneck into a single queue line.  Velvet ropes act as borders herding the masses of spectators and convention-goers alike.  A bald man wearing a plain black shirt and armed with a ticket scanner groans with each new arrival.  You notice an open glass door.

Also here: a bald man wearing a plain black shirt 

Obvious Exits: east. 

e



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, and Trystan the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

' fixed

You say, "Fixed."

Trystan whispers to you, "What was the question?".
fly

hover around quietly in a small circle
You are already flying.

You hover around quietly in a small circle.

Pyratherndar says, "Oh thank you."
shry try

Huh?

Bocon asks, "Plans to have rare spawns or bosses on X day timers who drop meaningful/rare loot?"
murm try in Sylvan
whisper try racial languages

You murmur to Trystan in Sylvan.
You whisper to Trystan, "Racial languages.".

Pahzrael nods to Snaek.

Snaek says to Visyn, "I will takea look. We have a search skill in testing but originally didn't want to do it as a skill."
poi boc

You point at Bocon.

Pyratherndar says, "Not I know how to fix it next time."

Eabo nods to Pyratherndar.

Trystan inflicts an festering plague at you.
You resist the attack.

Trystan snaps his fingers.
flex
You flex.

Snaek says to Bocon, "We've been working on the NAI hunting grounds for the past few months. Mostly upgrading their spawning to allow for rare gen and boss mobs."
' immune bebes

You say, "Immune bebes."
beam

You beam.
beam snae

You beam at Snaek.

Bocon asks Snaek, "Right, but will they drop anything that's meaningful?"
say snae Fungal Spiders?

You ask Snaek, "Fungal Spiders?"
duc

You duck.
Trystan grins at you.

Geel says to Bocon, "Define meaningful."

Trystan says, "Miss that."
Snaek says, "Most recently we were updating the Pearl crypt, which now includes an old friend the barbarian skeleton."
grin
You grin.

Pahzrael puts on a huge silver-furred sloth pelt.
murm pah

You murmur to Pahzrael.

Hock coughs spoiler!
cur the skinning skill

You curse the skinning skill.

Hock grins.
Pahzrael cackles.

Bocon says to Geel, "Something that someone wouldn't want to sell to the vendor."

Eabo says, "I still have not seen that darn dire wolf."

Trystan says, "Above high quality armor that breaks soon."
poi eab

You point at Eabo.

Geel flicks his tongue.
Geel says to Bocon, "But of course that would vary from person to person."

Snaek says to Bocon, "In time they will. The dire wolves setup is good but the rewards are desirable. We'll keep adjusting those."
say eab go with someone who has  done the squirrels only quest

You say to Eabo, "Go with someone who has done the squirrels only quest."
Bocon says to Geel, "You know what I'm saying, stop trollin me."
Kristauf says, "That damned wolf is a myth."

Geel chuckles.

Snaek asks Austere, "Is it possible the dire wolf isn't spawning correctly?"

Pahzrael says, "I saw a player take one down not too long ago."
' yes

You say, "Yes."
Visyn asks, "A charisma potion that increases your payout for all the loot you collected?"

Snaek says, "I think we only recently found out about an elk in ravenswood that wasn't spawning."

Pahzrael says, "Its that damn rnd(x) thing."
' i think it only spawns if you got the squirrels quest, and then only once?

You ask, "I think it only spawns if you got the squirrels quest, and then only once?"

Pyratherndar says, "I had something but it was something that needed to be changed even tho I had even sold it accidental and bought it back for alot but that is how the things roll sometimes."

Kristauf says, "Ive camped that forest for hours.. and never have once seen it."

Pahzrael says, "Still extemely rare, maybe too rare."
Austere says, "I can confirm in a moment."

Snaek says, "That's part of what we've been adjusting as we go through the hunting grounds."
foll aus

You follow Austere.
hum

You hum.

Hock asks you, "Squirrels only quest?"
Trystan says, "It's a myth at this point."
say hoc academy squirrels

You say to Hock, "Academy squirrels."

Hock chuckles.

Bocon says to Pyratherndar, "If you accidently sell something unique/custom on accident, you can normally assist."

Snaek says, "They've all been updated to check for players in the area to make sure more players = more mobs. They also clean themselves up now so that a pesky thief doesn't ruin a hunting ground."

The Jabberwock chortles as it gyres and galumphs uffishily off towards the wabe.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, and Trystan the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Eabo says, "I may not have got the teeth... may need to go recheck and try again."

Pyratherndar says, "It was bought back and then it had to be changed."

The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame, comes whiffling through the tulgey wood, burbling as it comes!
say eab i got some if ya need em

You say to Eabo, "I got some if ya need em."

Pyratherndar says, "And the item it was turned into was flat to put nicely."

Eabo says to you, "I really should doit myself if I did not."
Snaek says to Bocon, "Ideally though, yes there is a big payout at the end of each quest line."
nod eab

You nod to Eabo.

Austere says, "I can confirm the dire wolves are working correctly."

Pahzrael says to Pyratherndar, "It wan't supposed to be there in the first place."
Bocon nods.

Austere says, "In theory."

Hock grins.

Pyratherndar says, "Right but it was."
Austere gestures virtually.

Snaek says, "I think it has to be at night in the summer during a full moon."
Pyratherndar says, "And I sold it."

Pyratherndar says, "And bought it back for alot."

Bocon chuckles.
murm aus
You murmur to Austere.

Trystan says, "Still a myth."
poi snae

Hock says, "And snowing."
You point at Snaek.
Hock snickers.

Pyratherndar says, "And then it had to be changed."

Pyratherndar says, "No biggie."

Trystan comforts Pyratherndar again.

Snaek says, "Right, snowing in the summer."
Hock nods his head up and down.

Snaek says, "Check back then."
Hock says, "That was the point."
Hock chuckles.
Saphira says to Pyratherndar, "Assist with the price difference."
say pyr and they will give you half

You say to Pyratherndar, "And they will give you half."

Austere nods to Pyratherndar.
cou
You cough.
Snaek says, "Long story short, every hunting ground in NAI has been updated to allow for these boss mobs."
beam snae

You beam at Snaek.

Austere removes Xiija from its group.

foll  sap

You follow Saphira.
Saphira says to you, "I will give her what she is owed."

Austere gazes at you with painted coconut eyes.

Pahzrael says, "A high end peddle weapon would not be found so easily, let me tell you."
Bocon says, "Alright."
Pahzrael shrugs.
Trystan says, "Uh oh."
squin aus with her white eye ...

You squint at Austere with her white eye ...

Pyratherndar says, "I wasn't saying it for the money."

Eabo says, "The elk are cool. caught me off guard."

Snaek squints at Kristauf.

Pyratherndar says, "I was saying it to warn people stuff happens."

Snaek waves his hands around Kristauf.

Trystan says to Pyratherndar, "If she said that about me, I'd be running for cover by now."
Kristauf squints at Snaek.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, Trystan the Human, and Pahzrael the Jabberwock 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon says, "A high end peddle weapon can be baught for almost nothing at a peddle anyways."
diag

Xiija's group:

Xiija is in perfect health and is fully rested.
Saphira is in perfect health and is fully rested.

glan gee

You glance at Geel.
Bocon says, "Bought."
Snaek says to Kristauf, "Bad luck I guess. I was checking to see if you've made it far enough in the hunter quest line to spawn the dire wolf."

Pahzrael says to Bocon, "Not the point."

Hock ponders.

Trystan asks, "There's a hunter quest line?"

Pahzrael says to Austere, "I think the percentage is far too low to be reasonable."
Kristauf says to Snaek, "I kill them things all the time haha."

Snaek nods to Trystan.
Hock says to Trystan, "That's what I was going to ask."
say try squirrels, then wolves

You say to Trystan, "Squirrels, then wolves."

Trystan asks Snaek, "How do I get in this line?"

Kristauf says to Snaek, "I just wanna know what the items are."

Snaek says, "When you are first instructed on where to go learn skinning you are at the beginning."

Pyratherndar says, "It was a aqsome weapon."

Trystan sighs.
Saphira asks Snaek, "Did you check what his patience level was?"

Bocon says, "You gotta have big boy baller skinning to skin that sucker too huh."
chu sap

You chuckle at Saphira.
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.
say boc and sloths too

You say to Bocon, "And sloths too."
sigh

You sigh.
Eabo glances down and grumbles.

Trystan squints at Saphira.

Snaek says to Bocon, "We gave skinning a boost a few months ago."
' and yetis?.. they disappeared?

You ask, "And yetis?.. they disappeared?"

Snaek says to you, "Someone killed them."

Eabo says to you, "They went home."
pout
You pout.
Pyratherndar says, "I think that was a dragon tying."

Hock laughs.
Visyn says to Bocon, "Prices have lowered at peddles because things can be repaired forever. The high end weapons and armor become less valuable when there is enough of them out there already."
Pyratherndar says, "Thin."
Bocon says to Snaek, "Yeah, I was probably not here for that."

Snaek says, "They just wanted to go on a dragon hunt and then everyone killed them."

Pyratherndar says, "Thing."

Hock asks, "Yeti's hunt dragons?"

Snaek says to Hock, "We may never know."

Hock chuckles.

Snaek says, "They were the last of their kind."
Bocon says to Visyn, "Yeah, well that's a massive issue that's compounded by a ton of other things right now."

Hock gapes.
Pyratherndar says, "They were passive."

Pyratherndar says, "Till they figured out what we were there for."

Pyratherndar says, "And that is when I become 2 entities."

Kristauf sighs.
murm about golems

You murmur about golems.
Pyratherndar grins toothilly.

Trystan says, "Super Vukasin."
glan pyr
You glance at Pyratherndar.

Kristauf says, "Who stuck the damned boulder to the floor."

Hock says to you, "You killed the Yetis didn't you."
Pyratherndar says, "Don't even think about it."
blu

You blush.
emo taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...
Xiija taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...

Hock chuckles.

Bocon asks, "Oh, speaking of that. I saw a materials list on the forums and it said that blacksteel < arcsilver for armor. Is that true?"

Bocon says, "Cause I don't remember it being like that."

Trystan leans on a moss-covered granite boulder.
' and there is one more above them both

You say, "And there is one more above them both."
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.

Bocon says, "Persarium, yeah."

Bocon asks, "And electrum for weapons?"
' something with an E?

You ask, "Something with an E?"
poi

You point.
Kristauf snaps his fingers.

Snaek says to Visyn, "Keep in mind we've been at this a long time. There was little in the way of balance in the beginning. Money is completely skewed and we'll have to address that further before we go public."

Wren asks, "Aren't blacksteel and arcsilver the same for armor?"
say boc mateirals lists 9/17

You say to Bocon, "Mateirals lists 9/17."

Snaek says, "It's been the wild west on making coin here."

Wren chuckles.
agree sna , dreadlocks softly falling over a shoulder ...

Trystan snaps his fingers.
You nod your head up and down to Snaek , dreadlocks softly falling over a shoulder ...

Geel says to Wren, "I think the difference is mostly about weight."

Austere says to you, "9/16 Is the actual date."

Snaek says, "Arcsilver is better than blacksteel. That's been the case."
Wren says to Geel, "Yeah, I remember something to that effect."
grin
You grin.

Pyratherndar says, "Ok is that 9/17 of this year."
Wren blinks at Snaek.

Austere says, "Or month and year, rather."

Pyratherndar says, "Or is 9/17 the year."

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you."

Austere says, "Sept 2016."

Hock chuckles.

Wren says to Snaek, "It is? We were always told they were the same for armor, with arcsilver being better for weapons."

Bocon says, "That def wasn't the case when it was asked at custom peddles."

Snaek says to Austere, "We could have totally gone with 09/2017 until you said that."

Austere says to Pyratherndar, "We've lost most of our structure of CWCs due to the caffeine."
cac snae

You cackle at Snaek.

Saphira says to Visyn, "We overhauled the whole SI economy in the last 6 months to even out the monetary gain/expenditures."
say snae blame it on a DB crash n make it 9/17

You say to Snaek, "Blame it on a DB crash n make it 9/17."
Pyratherndar asks Austere, "CWC?"

Snaek says to Wren, "Oh okay then maybe that changed when their pricing was overhauled."

Snaek fidgets.
Wren smirks at Snaek.

Austere says to Pyratherndar, "Coffee With Creators."

Snaek says to Bocon, "If you feel you've been misled we can take a look at your armor."

Bocon says to Saphira, "How so? a low level hunting ground is still the best place to hunt in the game for money."

Trystan chuckles.

Pyratherndar nods.

Pahzrael says, "Things change and will continue to change. This will never change."

Pahzrael says, "Until it does."

Eabo nods his head up and down to Pahzrael.
say boc hi lvl ones are for groups.. but money is same as soloing low lvl

You say to Bocon, "Hi lvl ones are for groups.. but money is same as soloing low lvl."
Snaek says to Pahzrael, "And there's at least a 75% chance it will chance back."

Snaek says, "Twice."

Bocon chuckles.

Austere says to Pyratherndar, "Wb 2 2nites cwc @ da ooccc."

Austere gestures.

Bocon says to Snaek, "Yeah, after this you can check mine out."

Pyratherndar says, "Oh I'm so ready to try bocons armor only more femine and I will provide the gems."

Snaek says to Bocon, "The harsh truth is we would do better if we asked our players to start over in terms of items and money, but we've never asked that of you all."

Bocon laughs.
Saphira says, "No the quality of arcsilver went up when the price nearly doubled."

Visyn says to Snaek, "Taxes on housing, home repairs due to deterioration, weapons and armors and other items that break/deteriorate beyond repair, thieves being able to pick locks and steal."

Geel says to Snaek, "Well you kinda did."
chu vis

You chuckle at Visyn.

Trystan says, "Bank failure."
Kaiah says, "I'm ok with housing repairs."

Snaek says to Geel, "That was different."
say vis Soon (tm)
You say to Visyn, "Soon (tm)."

Snaek snickers.

Bocon says to Snaek, "I'd do it in a heartbeat if it meant getting rid of money that was earned through bugs and items that were crafted and sold and not reported."

Kaiah says, "Taxes for those inside city limits."

Kaiah says, "Paying for protection if you're outside."

Hock asks Snaek, "Any chance armor weights are going to be appropriate based on size before going live?"
cac kai

You cackle at Kaiah.
poi hoc

You point at Hock.
hop

land
You must land first.
stand
emo curses softly, shaking her multicolored wings into order...
furl angrily.
You dive out of the air, but tumble haphazardly and crash to the ground.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

You stand up.
hop
Xiija curses softly, shaking her multicolored wings into order...
You furl your wings angrily.
You hop.
Snaek says to Bocon, "It's not a fun topic, but you can't ignore that putting everyone on a level playing field would be good for a fresh start."
fly

emo fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...
You launch into the air with a powerful downward thrust of your wings.

Xiija fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...
Visyn asks Snaek, "A bank robbery?"

Kaiah says, "Massive tax hike."
chu

You chuckle.
Bocon says, "Sneak I'd give it all up."

Saphira says to Bocon, "Without player levels to factor in there is a delicate balance to allow new players with lower level skills to still earn coin."

Trystan asks Snaek, "I don't see the point in that. Stabalize the economy and what was here before is the merchant elite?"

Kristauf says, "Just have the big black dragon steal itnall for their hoard."

Bocon says, "You could probably run a poll to see what people thought."
Kristauf snickers.

Saphira says, "Nuke it."

Trystan chuckles at Saphira.

Pahzrael wields a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Maybe. A topic for later in the summer."

Bocon nods.

Bocon says, "Sounds good."

Snaek says, "I personally do not want to do that to the people that have helped shape this world."

Geel asks, "If working low level hunting is the best way to make coin how is that a problem for new players?"

Trystan asks, "Are there plans on boost spells or prayers to make group hunting more profitable than solo hunting?"
poi try

You point at Trystan.

Kristauf says, "It becomes a problem when its overhunted."

Pyratherndar says, "Amen to that."

Visyn says, "Economic balance is a problem in every game."

Eabo says, "Yup."
say try mebbe jus boost payouts in  group areas?

You ask Trystan, "Mebbe jus boost payouts in group areas?"
Pyratherndar says, "A suggestion for magic users."
Visyn says, "I've never seen one that has it."

Pyratherndar says, "Maybe a spell to give us a lttle health."

Kristauf says, "Hell, before the rules were put in I remember seeing alot of high levels in skeletons with like half the zone on them just to pt defensive shi."

Pyratherndar says, "That works like vigor."

Pyratherndar says, "That works like vigor."

Bocon says to Kristauf, "Nah man, we use the forest now for that, okay."
Saphira says to Geel, "It isn't. But as you get higher in level your ability to earn larger amount of coin also grows."
chu boc

You chuckle at Bocon.

Geel asks Saphira, "And?"
say gee one shot crits

You say to Geel, "One shot crits."
murm

You murmur.

Saphira says to Geel, "I see no problem with it. I was explaining to Bocon how he can make a killing in the lower level areas. He is a higher level."

Eabo says to Bocon, "And here I thought you were there to commune with nature."

Saphira says to Eabo, "He communes with turkeys."

Wren chortles at Saphira.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Saphira snickers at Bocon.
Trystan glances at you.

Snaek says, "Games can't have a balanced economy when there is an infinite amount of coin coming in from respawning mobs and merchants who don't run out."

Trystan says to you, "I guess that's a no."
Visyn nods to Snaek.

Snaek says, "It can't happen."

Pahzrael says, "I think as we open more hunting areas, we will be able to address a lot of the issues."

Kristauf says, "Well.."

Bocon says to Snaek, "Yup, only if you have large money sinks in the game that people want."

Kristauf says, "Implement copper and silver coon."

Saphira points at Bocon.
Snaek says, "The only remotely close way of doing it is beyond frustrating. When you go to sell and find out the merchant is broke for the day it's become too realistic."
' i wouldnt mind having armor that breaks after 20 repair

You say, "I wouldnt mind having armor that breaks after 20 repair."

Kristauf says, "As well as having ounces in weight.. a feather shouldnt weigh a pound."

Trystan says, "Cut all earnings in half."
chu

You chuckle.

Kaiah says, "I would mind, especially if it's custom made and cost me several thousand."

Kristauf says, "Have copper, silver and doubloon."
grin kai
You grin at Kaiah.

Geel asks, "Can you control uses by mobs?"

Bocon says, "Honestly, have armor that breaks would discourage people from using the peddle stuff all the time and buy from armor crafters."

Kristauf says, "Make certain movs drop copper etc."

Kaiah says, "No reason it should be beyond repair. Make it cost more, if that's an issue."
say boc oo crafted armor

You say to Bocon, "Oo crafted armor."

Bocon says, "I mean, armorsmithing is coming in."

Snaek says to Kristauf, "We purposely dont want a multi-coin system."

Eabo says, "One coin to rule them all."

Snaek nods to Eabo.
Kristauf says to Snaek, "If you want a balanced economy its the easiest way to do it."

Trystan grins.
emo give 12 gold, 25 bronzr and 3 copper to Requiem

Xiija give 12 gold, 25 bronzr and 3 copper to Requiem.

Trystan wrinkles his nose.
cac

You cackle.
' any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?
You ask, "Any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?"
bat

You bat your eyes.
Kristauf says to Snaek, "Have low lvl hunting grounds drop copper etc."

Bocon says to Kaiah, "The problem with putting something like that in right now, is that it punishes newer players, while the ones who have a million gold don't give a shit."

Pyratherndar says, "I agree with eabo."
Requiem says to you, "I'lll just take it if I want it."

Pahzrael says, "Inflation solves nothing."
Snaek says to Kristauf, "I think we just clarified you can't have a balanced economy."
cac req

You cackle at Requiem.

Pyratherndar says, "Makeing 3 different coin is a flippen headache."

Trystan glances at Snaek.

Kristauf says to Snaek, "In your way of thought, sure."
' any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?

You ask, "Any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?"
Kristauf snickers.
rai hopefully

You raise an eyebrow hopefully.
Geel says, "Switch to a barter system and wampum."
Kaiah says, "Then it's a non-issue. Find a money sink that isn't someone's hard earned equipment. For most of us here, our items are part of our RP."

Bocon says, "Having huge money sinks are needed."

Pyratherndar says, "Lets see that will be 12 copper 5 silver and 20 doublons."
Wren nods her head up and down.

Pahzrael says, "We do have some ideas for money sinks, but people were also just complaining about hgigh end hunting grounds paying enough...."

Pahzrael shakes its head from side to side.
Snaek asks, "The only way is no coin is ever dropped by mobs. Only items, and shopkeepers have a limited amount of coin. Does that sound enjoyable to anyone?"

Visyn says to Snaek, "Nope."

Kaiah says, "Could do a trial run of the first part. Less so the second."

Austere says, "There may be another currency, but it's currently not accepted by the ATC."

Snaek says, "So we accept that we can't ever truly balance it and focus on the money sinks."

Bocon asks Austere, "Sexual favors?"
' lets just keep it as it is..... and get the updates in People

You say, "Lets just keep it as it is..... and get the updates in People."
Trystan chuckles at Snaek.
Saphira says, "Right now the players that have help those that don't."

Wren chortles at Bocon.

Pyratherndar exclaims, "HEll NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Snaek says, "We care more about enjoying your time here."
Kaiah says, "Otherwise, early birds clear out the money for the day and screw those of us who have lives that require dealing with."

Kaiah chuckles.
Geel asks Bocon, "How much for your seester?"
Wren says to Saphira, "Exactly."

Pahzrael says, "How about purchasing honorary titles. Would be a monthly fee to keep it."
Snaek says, "Just like why none of you are night blind."

Bocon laughs.
grin pah

You grin at Pahzrael.

Bocon says to Geel, "I sell you Xiija, 20 gold."
Kaiah says to Snaek, "I'm ok with carrying torches on me."

Saphira says, "We have seen an enormous amount of generosity from our older players helping the newer ones."
Trystan says, "She's mine, sorry."
Pahzrael snickers at Snaek.
say pah purchaing a title with a stat raise mebbe

You say to Pahzrael, "Purchaing a title with a stat raise mebbe."
wink

You wink.
Trystan pulls Xiija closer.
Wren says to Kaiah, "I actually kinda like that idea."

Geel says to Bocon, "Done. Butter her up and deliver her at noon."

Kaiah nods to Wren.
cac try
You cackle at Trystan.
Bocon says to Trystan, "Let's have a priest fight."
fli boc
You flinch at Bocon.

Bocon snickers.

Pahzrael prays to Archai, tracing a protective outline around itself.

Trystan asks Bocon, "Is that where all the priests get together and kill everybody else?"
Geel says, "A priest pie fight."

Wren says, "Buying stat raises in general would be nice. I was going to suggest a loyalty program where veteran players can dump money on such things."
pray disease ward 


You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

Bocon exclaims to you, "It puts the butter on it's skin, or it gets the hose again!"
cac

You cackle.

Saphira asks Trystan, "Oh you mean OOC games?"

Kristauf says, "I look forward to night blindness."
poi wre

You point at Wren.

Snaek says, "The new combat system will answer a lot of your questions. Your damage is going to be determined by more factors so hunting will change. Hunting those higher level places will mean more risk."

Trystan says to Saphira, "I was waiting."

Wren nods to Snaek.

Bocon says, "As long as higher hunting areas mean higher reward."

Trystan chuckles.

Snaek says to Wren, "If, and it's a big IF, we did anything like cleaning out bank accounts, it would be in return for something for your time spent."

Pahzrael asks Bocon, "But werent you sayting there is too much money in game?"

Visyn asks Snaek, "Like give us all a bunch of money?"

Snaek says to Visyn, "Bingo."

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "IE money sinks."
Trystan says to Pahzrael, "Now you're just being mean."

Pahzrael says, "#Fullcircle."

Pahzrael cackles.

Snaek snickers at Pahzrael.
Kristauf says, "Bacon doesnt like dat money."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Kaiah the Human (seated), Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Kristauf the Human, Trystan the Human, and Pahzrael the Jabberwock 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon says, "I don't need money."

Snaek says, "Like stat raises, or a house or whatever it takes to make you all happy."

Trystan leans on Saphira.
Wren says to Snaek, "Even if you don't, thought I'd mention that idea. Would be cool to get an optional stat raise for ever x amount of months or years you've been active, etc. A mini reward."

Trystan says, "Me either."
Saphira says to Bocon, "First money sink. Protection from random turkey attacks."
Bocon says, "I can literally buy whatever I want right now."
Snaek says, "If it means more players I'm open to it."

Saphira snickers.
Geel says to Kristauf, "Humble priest, vow of poverty and all."

Trystan waves.

Trystan says, "That's me."

Geel nods his head up and down.

Requiem says to Snaek, "Get rid of vigor spells and make everyone buy blue bottles, that will get rid of the excess money problem."

Requiem mutters.
Kaiah says, "I'd put down money for stat raises, even if I could only buy one once a year."
Bocon laughs.
Wren laughs at Requiem.

Kristauf says to Geel, "Ahhh.. yes yes."
cac
You cackle.
Pahzrael says, "How about paying exorbitant fees to visit the trading posts of other islands."
Snaek grins at Requiem.

Kaiah grins at Requiem.
Wren points at Kaiah.

Bocon says to Kaiah, "Yeah."

Geel says, "Just put in a dentist and I can dump a fortune."
Visyn asks, "Skill use tokens for when/if the money goes away?"

Geel gnashes his teeth.
a repairable stat raise talisman
 
You are affected by: 
Disease Ward             

Bocon says, "I'm honestly surprised that there have been so few stat raise peddles. They drain huge chunks of cash."
'a repairable stat raise talisman
You say, "A repairable stat raise talisman."

Trystan says, "I'll take two please."

Hock asks Bocon, "There are stat raise peddles?"
grin
You grin.

Snaek snickers at Geel.
Bocon says, "Well, for items."

Hock says, "Oh."

Wren says to Bocon, "Stat raise item peddles are cool, though I'd like to have the option for a perma-raise too. There are only so many clothing slots for me to deck myself out in."
Geel says to Hock, "There WERE stat raise peddles."

Bocon says to Hock, "Items with stats and items that you could consume for a perma stat raise."
emo shows Hock a STRENGTH raise potion

Xiija shows Hock a STRENGTH raise potion.

Kristauf says, "Even donate to the deity."

Your natural defenses against disease take over.

Kristauf says, "And pray for temp stat buffs."
Trystan tips his fedora to Hock.

Bocon asks Wren, "Yeah, there were a few consumables though right?"
Kaiah says, "I have a list of equipped stuff, too."

Bocon says, "I think."

Wren says to Bocon, "I think there was only ever one perma-stat item, that petal you could eat."

Kaiah says, "Oh! Donating money to gods for general god-favors."
Bocon says, "Yeah."

Wren asks Kaiah, "Reducing death counts?"

Kaiah says, "More money is more favor which means more successful favors."
Pahzrael says, "Lots and lots of money."
emo searches Austere's possessions for some Brown Reduxa!

Xiija searches Austere's possessions for some Brown Reduxa!

Saphira points at Wren.

Eabo asks, "The higher hunt areas might drop those really rare ingredients/items for crafting?"

Bocon says, "There's a ton of good ideas for money drains the economy needs badly."

Pahzrael says, "I know on another game I played once, I spent every single spare coin on that god of mine."
nod kai

You nod to Kaiah.
Bocon says, "So there doesn't have to be a wipe."

Saphira says, "Although some of you would go broke trying to erase death counts."

Trystan says to Snaek, "Okay, ride the ferry on a clear day, and they serve beer."
Pahzrael wipes Bocon anyway.

Hock chuckles at Pahzrael.
Bocon laughs.
nod pah
You nod to Pahzrael.

Geel says to Pahzrael, "Me too and I never needed to do anything put pray ever again."

Wren says, "God favor, IE death count reductions, and perma stat raises are two pretty good money dumps."
Bocon chokes Pahzrael.

Snaek says to Trystan, "Solid plan."
Kaiah says, "Alright, I've kicked enough Fallen in the teeth to get my Queen's Guard mark, time for me to turn in. Early work shifts suck."
grin try

You grin at Trystan.

Kaiah stands up.

Trystan says to Snaek, "And it's cheap."
Snaek says to Trystan, "I would ask what's a clear day, but I saw one today."

Wren hugs Kaiah.

Kaiah leans on Wren.
Trystan says to Snaek, "Shhhhh."

Wren grins at Kaiah.

Saphira says, "I said charge a huge fee to ride the ferry."
Kaiah says to Wren, "Lemme know when Pear gets back to you."
say kai sleep good

You say to Kaiah, "Sleep good."
Hock waves to Kaiah.

Wren says to Kaiah, "Will do. Watching my email like a hawk."

Wren says, "Yay art commissions."

Kaiah says to you, "It was back and chest day today, I'm gonna sleep like a rock."

Kaiah says, "And then feel sore as hell in the morning."

Bocon says to Snaek, "Yeah, that WA overcast tho."
' lol
You say, "Lol."

Trystan says, "Thanks for the CWC. Goodnight all."

Wren waves to Trystan.
Bocon waves.

Hock waves to Trystan.
Kaiah tickles Wren.

Wren squirms.
Nyte Trys
Kaiah waves.
Huh?
Austere taps the side of his nose twice to Snaek and Trystan.

Snaek says, "There's a lot of money sinks we can implement. We've only barely grasped the concept of pricing for our store shops, teasure, and crafted items."
sal try
You salute to Trystan.

Trystan leaves west.

Wren nods to Snaek.

Eabo says, "G'night."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Kaiah leaves west.

Hock grins.

Hock asks Snaek, "Armor weights?"

Hock listen hopefully.
hum

You hum.
' jus have em adjust yours

You say, "Jus have em adjust yours."
flai hoc
You flail your arms at Hock.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Austere the Beholder, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, and Kristauf the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Hock asks you, "All of them?"

Kristauf says, "Im gonna watch the new sherlock."
stare

You stare.

Kristauf pats Snaek.
grin kris

You grin at Kristauf.

Kristauf says, "Because since this spinal fusion I cant sleep much."
win

You wince.

Kristauf says, "Sooooo."

Hock says, "Ouch."
say l=kris feelk better

You say, "L=kris feelk better."
Snaek says to Hock, "Well, it's not something we have currently planned before release. Our system doesn't really allow for a clear way of adjusting weight by race or size."

Kristauf says, "Its not that bad.. irritwting really."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Trystan has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Kristauf the Human                                          


who
[ARRIVALS] 'Kristauf has logged out.'
Kristauf departs from the world.

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Kaiah the Human                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Guvar the Human                                             


who
[ARRIVALS] 'Kaiah has logged out.'
say snae resize peddles?

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Requiem the Vukasin                                         
   Guvar the Human                                             

You ask Snaek, "Resize peddles?"
' any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?

You ask, "Any renaming events in the future?.. or we done with those?"

Snaek says to you, "Can't. Even the little bit that has been done shouldn't have been."
nod

You nod.

Hock says to you, "Good idea though now you're paying extra."

Pahzrael says, "Twohundred thousand doubloons per item."

Hock shrugs.
cac

You cackle.

Snaek says to Hock, "We want it as much as you do."

Pyratherndar says, "Why."

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Most of us can actually afford that sadly."

Pahzrael says, "I meant word."
say pyr cause some of us liller ones cant carry stuff

Pahzrael cackles.
You say to Pyratherndar, "Cause some of us liller ones cant carry stuff."

Bocon says, "Okay, so only blink, geel and wren can."

Hock says to Snaek, "I get that it's a coding issue which is not an easy thing to change."

Snaek says, "I know it's a pain for the smaller races. It is likely sylves are going to get a boost in the carry department."
' woooot!

You exclaim, "Woooot!"
beam snae

You beam at Snaek.

Hock asks, "Just sylves?"

Pyratherndar says, "Nononono."
' gobbies too

Hock exclaims, "What about gobbies!"
You say, "Gobbies too."

Eabo says to Snaek, "That would be helpful."

Pyratherndar says, "That not why I was talk ing about."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Saphira says, "Twenty five pounds should cover armor weight."
Requiem asks Snaek, "Will looting ever allow access to a players non active inventory?"

Pahzrael says, "Gobbies get the whip."

Pyratherndar says, "The renaming events."
Snaek says to Hock, "Until that point our plan of attack is to offset this negative with other positives for the race."
cac sap

You cackle at Saphira.

Snaek says, "Less carry generally means a higher DR."

Hock grunts.

Eabo grunts.
' racials?

You ask, "Racials?"
glan

You glance.
Saphira says, "Gobbies suck except for eabo."

Hock asks Pahzrael, "So was this change to housing availability decided on after Vogrok's last housing hours?"

Snaek says, "Requim I doubt it. It's always been planned as non equipped inventory only."

Pahzrael says to Snaek, "Which means less and less as you level."
Eabo raises an eyebrow.

Snaek babbles.

Saphira beams at Eabo.

Wren blinks at Hock.
Requiem nods.

Snaek says to Requiem, "It gives the player a fighting chance if they are organized."

Pahzrael ponders.

Requiem says to Snaek, "I was more wondering about non equiped items but stored in a container."

Pahzrael asks, "Vogrok? You Mean Ivan?"

Hock ponders.

Saphira says to Hock, "It was changed around the same time."

Hock says to Pahzrael, "Yep. Sorry."

Snaek says to Requiem, "You could steal the entire container, but only if it isn't equipped."

Pahzrael says, "If I recall, Ivan did not nesscarily say now to his request."
say snae bloody hell

You say to Snaek, "Bloody hell."

Pahzrael says, "No."

Pahzrael babbles.

Saphira says to Hock, "We had more requests for other locations so more were added in more appropriate areas."

Hock nods to Saphira.

Requiem says, "Sneak yeah not many do that for fear of accidently selling it."
nod

You nod.

Saphira says to Hock, "We can't have players living in hunting area because when they purge and reset all your stuff would too."

Hock says, "What I took from my meeting with Ivan was that the known housing areas are pretty much what is available....."

Hock says to Saphira, "Ahhhh. Interesting, and makes sense."
' i dunno

You say, "I dunno."

Requiem says to Snaek, "Guess I just want to be able to rummage through peoples sacks and such."

Requiem grins.
grip sat

You grip a grimy worn leather satchel.

Saphira says to Hock, "At the point you spoke with Ivan things were still in the works."
grip jun

You grip a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.

Snaek says to Requiem, "I can't really argue with that."

Pyratherndar says to Saphira, "Is correct."

Pyratherndar winces.

Snaek says to Hock, "Every new area we've opened for housing has come after a player IC request."

Hock asks Saphira, "Is the entire stirling forest coded a hunting area?"

Hock asks, "Soon as you enter the gate?"

Austere says, "Everything is always in the works."

Saphira says to Hock, "Yes but another forest area has been created for housing."

Snaek says, "Not just for resets, but we purposely try to keep players from putting housing close to any hunting area."
beam sap
You beam at Saphira.

Hock grins.

Bocon says, "Yeah, I got mine inside my temple gates. dunno if others did that already or not."

Austere says to Hock, "Not quite."
say boc some

You say to Bocon, "Some."
Bocon says, "But that's not inside the city."

Hock says, "I'm just trying to figure it out so I don't ask for areas that are 'hunting areas'."

Bocon says, "Or a part of pearl."

Snaek says to Hock, "The general IC response is it's too dangerous to build there."
nod

You nod.

Saphira says to Hock, "All housing areas are designated housing areas."
say hoc get a place in the sewers

You say to Hock, "Get a place in the sewers."
wink

You wink.
cac

You cackle.
Saphira says to Hock, "Or the king has banned it."

Saphira points at Snaek.

Snaek says, "All I can say is get your housing requests in before we go public."

Pyratherndar says, "When we were doing the change the way items looks days."

Hock laughs.

Pahzrael says, "Hock, If I recall your request a bit more unusual, which is why Ivan could not give you a definitive answer at the time."

Pyratherndar says, "Sorry."

Snaek says, "There's a lot of ideas here tonight to raise those property taxes."

Pahzrael nods to Snaek.
glan

You glance.

Pahzrael says, "Someone get Claud in here. We need monthly property taxes."
' at least there is no rented houses.... yet

You say, "At least there is no rented houses.... yet."
Snaek says, "Get in on the grandfathered plan for our special customers."
flai pah

You flail your arms at Pahzrael.

Hock grins.

Hock says, "I'll figure something out, with your help of course."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial (seated), Hock the Goblin, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Requiem the Vukasin, Guvar the Human, Saphira the Sphinx, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

say hoc we got time.. some people bumped us down the list

You say to Hock, "We got time.. some people bumped us down the list."
glar eab

You glare at Eabo.

Eabo gasps.

Pyratherndar says, "Its not his fault."

Eabo exclaims, "I did not mean too!"

Hock says, "I just dont want a white picket fence between Geel and Wren, for example. Not very Gobbie at all and neither of them would likely appreciate it."
cac

You cackle.
Bocon says, "Yeah, it helps when you save the builders."

Hock grins.

Pyratherndar says, "Nor bocons."

Wren squints at Hock.

Pyratherndar says, "Nor mine when I finally decide where I want my house."

Hock says to Wren, "Closet gobbie hater."

Bocon asks, "Can I get a house built on top of Wren's house?"

Hock snickers.

Wren exclaims to Hock, "Not even!"

Pahzrael nods to Bocon.

Hock laughs.

Eabo laughs.

Wren snorts at Bocon.

Bocon asks, "How much would that cost?"

Pyratherndar laughs.

Snaek says, "We can do rented housing and the payment automatically comes out of your bank account and goes into the owners, but there's some issues with failure to pay."

Pahzrael says to Bocon, "For you, free."

Bocon claps.

Snaek says, "Much like real life, you lose all your stuff."

Wren snaps her fingers.

Pyratherndar says, "100,000,000.000."

Pahzrael says to Snaek, "Sounds like a god case for rp to me."

Visyn says to Snaek, "That would be great."

Pahzrael says, "Good case."

Pahzrael throws his keyboard.

Bocon chuckles.

Snaek says to Pahzrael, "Sounds like a bunch of assists to replace missing stuff to me."
say snae not lose it... just locked uot?

You ask Snaek, "Not lose it... just locked uot?"
Pahzrael says, "Just dont make it automatic."

Visyn smirks at Snaek.

Visyn nods to you.

Snaek nods to Requiem.
' everyone remeber ... Conclave meeting... scream for lower prices on the  sludge!

You exclaim, "Everyone remeber ... Conclave meeting... scream for lower prices on the sludge!"
glan

You glance.

Bocon says, "I have a room you can stay in for free."

Snaek says to you, "Scream in writing."

Bocon smiles.
murm

You murmur.

Pyratherndar says, "God yes."

Bocon says, "Just sign the waiver."

Pahzrael asks Snaek, "Do we even read thos ASSISTS?"
cac

You cackle.

Pyratherndar says, "1000 For less then 30 second of thought."
assist helphelp, im being repressed!

Your assist message has been sent.  Thank you.

Snaek says to Pahzrael, "That's just the plan for Kaiah."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Requiem has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Seren the Avardi                                            
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Guvar the Human                                             


Pahzrael says to you, "Bloody peasant."

Saphira un-represses Xiija.
cac

You cackle.

Bocon says to Pyratherndar, "Yeah, cause wyvers are rare right now."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek says, "And Geel's kitchen table."

Pahzrael points at Snaek.
diag

Xiija's group:

Xiija is in perfect health and is fully rested.
Saphira is in perfect health and is fully rested.


Pahzrael says, "Hopefully that is resolved now."

Pahzrael hums.
murm

You murmur.
glan ser

You glance at Seren.
grin

You grin.

Snaek says, "I think it's due to logging out while seated."

Snaek says, "But that's just my theory."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Seren the Avardi, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial (seated), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Guvar the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Saphira the Sphinx, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Seren says, "It just didnt want to stay in the kitchen."

Pyratherndar says to Seren, "Look in your invertoy."

Saphira says, "See yall later."

Saphira waves.

Wren waves to Saphira.

Bocon waves.

Pahzrael says, "We can test it. next reboot, have someone sit at a tabe and watch."

Visyn waves to Saphira.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Geel says to Seren, "And then I want to look in your invertoy."

Pyratherndar waves.

Eabo waves to Saphira.

Snaek says to Seren, "Somewhere in the woods there's a bunch of tables trying to become trees again."
wav sap

You wave to Saphira.

Hock says, "Suggestion: more foraging/fishing along waterfronts. Like near the entrance to HobGoblins, for example. Not enough of that around. You have to go to the academy or Dolorous Isle."

Pyratherndar says, "No."

Geel waves to Saphira.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Wren laughs at Snaek.

Seren says, "I have nothing but food in there."
say sap to the batcave

You say to Saphira, "To the batcave."

Saphira asks you, "Do I need to kill you again?"

Seren grins.

Snaek nods gock.
cac

You cackle.
Snaek nods to Hock.

Pyratherndar nods.

Geel says to Saphira, "Please."

Hock grins.
pout gee

You pout at Geel.

Eabo says to Hock, "Yea, really low on that."

Bocon says to Saphira, "Yeah, you need to."

Pahzrael bares its teeth at you.
Geel flicks his tongue at you.

Pyratherndar says to Seren, "There should be a gem in there."

Snaek says to Hock, "We've been switching over bridges to allow fishing, but yes we need more waterfronts for oysters and seaweed."

Hock says, "I could probably do this all night....."

Pyratherndar says, "I put it there."
say can we PLEASE get fish added as a low lvl cooking recipie?

You ask, "Can we PLEASE get fish added as a low lvl cooking recipie?"
Hock grins.

Seren says to Pyratherndar, "Yes... thank you."

Pyratherndar says, "Your welcome hun."

Hock says to you, "Well, Cod and/or herring maybe....."

Pyratherndar smiles.

Austere says to you, "If ever we needed Batman's help, he has a place to work from. I don't trust Superman anymore."

Hock says to you, "But bigger fish probably higher level."

Hock grins.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek says, "Feel free to leave these ideas when you have them. We're always working on fine tuning the resources."
chu aus

You chuckle at Austere.

Visyn waits for Saphira to kill Xiija.

Bocon asks, "Fried fish? Fire roasted fish?"

Seren gets a wooden handled basket from a medium white dragon-embroidered gray buckskin rucksack.
flai vis

You flail your arms at Visyn.

Geel says, "Sushi."

Bocon chuckles.
nod gee

You nod to Geel.

Saphira says to Visyn, "Someone stole my dang dagger."

Pahzrael points at Geel.

Wren says, "Mmm, sushi."
Saphira scoffs.

Visyn frowns.

Wren drools.

Bocon says, "Sashimi."
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Seren gets some fish and chips from a wooden handled basket.
pray disease ward 



You pray to Aerthane for protection from diseases, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Wren says, "Stop making me hungry."


Seren gives some fish and chips to you.
pray disease ward 



You pray to Aerthane for protection from diseases, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Geel says to Wren, "Yeah now I did it, I am craving."
beam ser

You beam at Seren.

Geel grunts.

Eabo says, "The IDEA command is wonderful just dont try to id something before you know how."

Wren pouts at Geel.

Bocon raises his arms toward the sky and prays to Pyrous to strike down you!
You resist the attack.

Hock says to Eabo, "I've used it, but I have an audience right now."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 122/128>
Bocon says, "Stupid magic resistance."
Hock grins.

Austere gives a bone dagger to Saphira.
Geel asks Wren, "Would you believe Geel and I have the exact same diet?"

Eabo grins at Hock and nods.
cac

You cackle.
Snaek asks, "Would anyone be interested if we were to share a post with some of the praises that have been submitted?"
pray disease ward 


You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

say sna sounds fun !

You exclaim to Snaek, "Sounds fun !"

Wren asks Geel, "I would. Do people throw fish into your mouth in real life too?"

Bocon attempts to revoke Disease Ward from you.

Snaek says, "The praises are certainly not just for us."

Bocon attempts to revoke Disease Ward from you.
Hock says to Snaek, "Always like to hear from happy people."
Geel says to Wren, "Yes I am actually a seal."
pray inflict boc


You inflict an festering plague at Bocon.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Pyratherndar gets some sauteed mushrooms from a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack.
Wren exclaims to Snaek, "Ohh that'd be cool!"
Bocon revokes Disease Ward from you.
Your natural defenses against disease take over.
Pyratherndar gives some sauteed mushrooms to Snaek.
pray inflict boc



You inflict an festering plague at Bocon.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Wren snorts at Geel.
Bocon snickers.

Bocon prays to Pyrous, tracing a protective outline around himself.
Snaek takes a bite of some sauteed mushrooms.

pray disease ward 


You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Snaek stares blankly.
murm
You murmur.

Wren asks Geel, "How do you type with those flaps for arms?"

Geel says to Snaek, "If it was from me it was fascitious."

Bocon says, "A priest duel would be the worst fight ever."
chu boc

You chuckle at Bocon.

Snaek smirks at Geel.

Hock says, "It'd never end."
' my plague against your strike?
You ask, "My plague against your strike?"

Geel says, "Well maybe not."

Geel shrugs.

Pahzrael says to you, "My bite against your anything."

Bocon says to you, "You have racial MR though."
flai pah

You flail your arms at Pahzrael.
Snaek says, "713) Geel (NAI Watchers#27) nice job on the two-headed trog."
Wren chuckles.
Pahzrael winks xiijz.

Pahzrael winks at you too.
agree boc thoughtfully

You nod your head up and down to Bocon thoughtfully.
Seren says, "Well I need sleep... thank you for all the info."
Snaek says to Geel, "There you have it."

Geel says, "Yeah I do enjoy those."
wav ser

You wave to Seren.
Wren says, "Yeah I'm starting to nod off, it's late."
Seren waves.
Hock says, "Oohhh. Yeah. I loved that."

Geel stands up.
Geel waves to Seren.

Seren leaves west.
l


[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial, Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Guvar the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Saphira the Sphinx, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

Wren yawns.

Geel sits down.
diag
Xiija's group:

Xiija is in perfect health and is barely winded.
Saphira is in perfect health and is fully rested.


Pyratherndar hugs sne.
Pahzrael removes a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.
Bocon says, "It's only 9:30."
Pyratherndar hugs Snaek.

Visyn grins at Bocon.

Wren exclaims to Bocon, "Not where I am!"
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Seren has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Guvar the Human                                             


Pyratherndar says, "Maybe where you are."
sk Shield Block
You block Saphira's attack with a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield!


   Shield Block                       35      4309


' west coast!
You exclaim, "West coast!"

Snaek says, "Sorry for the rough start. The questions are what I look forward to."
cac sap
You cackle at Saphira.
Bocon says, "Well pretend you are here."
sk Shield Block
You block Saphira's attack with a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield!


Your wounds begin to bleed.
Saphira attacks you with sharp claws.
The attack is a critical strike (79).
   Shield Block                       35      4308


' 79

You say, "79."
sk Shield Block
You block Saphira's attack with a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield!


   Shield Block                       35      4307


Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You are no longer bleeding.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pyratherndar says, "12:26 My time."
Pray HealingTouch xiija

Your wounds begin to bleed.
Saphira attacks you with sharp claws.
The attack is a critical strike (51).


You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Hock says, "And how well done the Orcs are."
' 51
You say, "51."
Pahzrael exclaims, "Ouch!"

sk Shield Block
You block Saphira's attack with a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield!


You are no longer bleeding.
Your natural defenses against disease take over.


The holy shield surrounding you fades.


[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

Saphira attacks you with sharp claws.
The attack is a critical strike (73).
<HP: 0/157 ST: 64/128>   Shield Block                       35      4306


n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial (seated), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Guvar the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Saphira the Sphinx, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

murm

You murmur.

Pahzrael cackles.
Hock chuckles.

Wren chortles at Visyn.
foll sap

You follow Saphira.

Saphira cheers.

Bocon laughs.

Eabo nods his head up and down to Wren.

Wren says to Visyn, "I missed you."

Snaek beams at Visyn.
pout

You pout.
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Pahzrael asks you, "My turn?"
Saphira exclaims to Visyn, "The whole game missed you!"

Pahzrael bats its eyes at you.
how pah

You howl at Pahzrael.
Snaek nods his head up and down.

Pahzrael wields a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.

Saphira nods her head up and down.
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Snaek says to Visyn, "You need to quit before Sunday though. Conclave looms."
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Visyn says, "Aw, thanks guys."



[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

Pahzrael thrusts a frabjous manxome vorpal blade at you.
The attack is a critical puncture (2245).
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

n

You can't go that way.
w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Geel the Gavial (seated), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Guvar the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Saphira the Sphinx, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Geel winks at Visyn.
' The attack is a critical puncture (2245).

You say, "The attack is a critical puncture (2245)."

Saphira asks Snaek, "Can't you blow up conclave?"
flai pah

You flail your arms at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael whistles.

Bocon raises his arms toward the sky and prays to Pyrous to strike down Pahzrael!
Pahzrael resists the attack.

Wren says to Saphira, "Maybe someone will try."

Bocon snickers.
Snaek says to Saphira, "I can burn it down."

Wren fidgets.

Pahzrael pets a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.
foll sap

You follow Saphira.

Saphira cheers.
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija

Hock says to Snaek, "I'll do it, for a fee."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Geel flicks his tongue.
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
Hock grins.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija

Suddenly, a frabjous manxome vorpal blade appears into Saphira's possession.



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Snaek says to Hock, "I'll be in touch."

Saphira cheers.

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you all for the things to look forward to and the ingo."

Hock nods his head up and down.
shri sap

You shriek at Saphira.

Pyratherndar says, "Info."

Bocon asks Snaek, "When are bombs gonna be put in?"
poi boc

You point at Bocon.

Hock says to Bocon, "Another good question."

Saphira says to Snaek, "Nuke conclave please."
Eabo says, "And traps."

Pyratherndar says, "I enjoy them game and will play with all the changes."
Bocon says, "Cause I have 2 huge ones ready to blow up Wrens house."
Pahzrael asks Bocon, "You mean wands?"

Pyratherndar says, "Good night all."

Snaek says to Bocon, "We won't go live with them. Traps will come first."

Pyratherndar leaves west.
say pah shh

You say to Pahzrael, "Shh."

sk Shield Block
You block Saphira's attack with a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield!


<HP: 136/157 ST: 96/128>   Shield Block                       35      4305



Bocon says to Snaek, "Kk."
kiss shi

You kiss a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield.

Hock says, "We'll take that."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Pyratherndar has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              
   Guvar the Human                                             


Austere says, "Arcanists."

Hock nods his head up and down.
' arsonists

You say, "Arsonists."

The wind suddenly picks up as Saphira slowly disingrates into a thousand particles of sand that get swept away.

Hock chuckles.
<HP: 148/157 ST: 108/128>
Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Wands are nice too, since I can make em."

Wren exclaims to Bocon, "Why you gotta pick on Wren? She's done no one harm!"

Geel says to you, "You need to teach hula lessons to your temple."
diag

Xiija's group:

Xiija is slightly weakened and is slightly fatigued.


Snaek says, "Oh man, wands."

Bocon exclaims to Wren, "I know! Let's change that!"
cac gee

You cackle at Geel.

Snaek asks, "Did you know we had no idea you could light them on fire and they'd explode?"

Eabo laughs.
snic snae

You snicker at Snaek.

Bocon laughs.

Suddenly, a balsa wand appears into Pahzrael's possession.

Wren squints at Bocon.

Pahzrael hums.

Hock asks, "They explode?"
poi pah

You point at Pahzrael.

Eabo says, "Well it really worked out nice at the time."

Snaek says, "When that happened, it was as if a real explosion went off that night."

Wren says to Snaek, "Now you went and spoiled the secret."
' i loved it!

You exclaim, "I loved it!"

Hock chuckles.

Pahzrael prays to Archai for calmness.

Pahzrael starts building a fire.

Hock says, "Now I need to learn how to craft wands."

Bocon says, "Do the metal ones explode too."
Pahzrael hums.

Hock grins.
' mu gobbie was a heroine

You say, "Mu gobbie was a heroine."
cac

You cackle.

Austere says, "Really, that was crazy."

Pahzrael is done lighting a balsa wand.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Can't light them on fire."

Wren says, "I thought it was hilarious."
Pahzrael drops a balsa wand.

Pahzrael cackles.
duck

You duck.

Hock hops back a bit.
Snaek says, "But magical wooden items in general will explode when lit."

Bocon says, "That's pretty funny though."

Snaek says, "Your wands will become relevant when diviners are introduced."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Guvar the Human, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Eabo says, "About 2 half minute timers on them."
sniff wand

You sniff a balsa wand.
A balsa wand has a balsa smell.

Snaek says, "They will be able to enchant and recharge them."

Pahzrael asks, "To find water?"

Austere says to Snaek, "As if they aren't already."

Bocon asks, "Nice, will materials matter?"

Wren stretches.
emp pees on a  balsa wand

You don't seem to be carrying that.
emo pees on a  balsa wand

Xiija pees on a balsa wand.
glan

You glance.

Geel asks, "Wil you have to wield a wand?"

Hock flails his arms at you.

Guvar departs from the world.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Austere fears a balsa wand.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Guvar has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Wren the Human                                              


Wren says, "Aight, sleep time for me. So much to do tomorrow."
wav wre

You wave to Wren.
Bocon waves to Wren.

Wren exclaims, "Later dudes!"

Hock waves to Wren.
say wre play more

Bocon says, "Peace."
You say to Wren, "Play more."
Geel waves to Wren.

Eabo waves to Wren.

Hock grins.

Snaek nods to Geel.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Visyn says, "Wait for it."

Pahzrael ducks.
Wren says to you, "I've been busy! But I will."
Visyn glances at a balsa wand.

Wren shuffles her feet.
grin

You grin.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wren the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

' will we take damage?

You ask, "Will we take damage?"

Wren winks.
glan

You glance.

Bocon taps his foot on the ground.

Eabo says, "Yes."
emo taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...

Xiija taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...
Snaek says, "We might all die."

Hock hides behind Xiija.
cac

You cackle.
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Bocon attempts to revoke Holy Shield from you.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Wren has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             


Bocon attempts to revoke Holy Shield from you.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Eabo says to himself, "Studied them for hours."
flai boc

You flail your arms at Bocon.

Bocon revokes Holy Shield from you.
pray disease ward 


The holy shield surrounding you fades.


You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128><HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Hock says, "Long fuse on that wand."

Bocon revokes Disease Ward from you.
Your natural defenses against disease take over.

Snaek says to Eabo, "It was a game changer."

Eabo snickers.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a decent burn to Bocon!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Geel!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!
The explosion is a decent burn to Yndor!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Austere!
The explosion is a decent burn to Hock!
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
The explosion is a sizzling blast (6) to you!

Geel grunts.
' Boom shakalaka

You say, "Boom shakalaka."
Pahzrael cackles.

Hock howls.

Bocon says, "14 Huh."

Visyn grins.

Visyn announces:

'##:::::'##:'####:'##::: ##:'##::: ##:'########:'########::'####:
 ##:'##: ##:. ##:: ###:: ##: ###:: ##: ##.....:: ##.... ##: ####:
 ##: ##: ##:: ##:: ####: ##: ####: ##: ##::::::: ##:::: ##: ####:
 ##: ##: ##:: ##:: ## ## ##: ## ## ##: ######::: ########::: ##::
 ##: ##: ##:: ##:: ##. ####: ##. ####: ##...:::: ##.. ##::::..:::
 ##: ##: ##:: ##:: ##:. ###: ##:. ###: ##::::::: ##::. ##::'####:
. ###. ###::'####: ##::. ##: ##::. ##: ########: ##:::. ##: ####:
:...::...:::....::..::::..::..::::..::........::..:::::..::....::

A roar of applause and cheering echoes across the arena for a balsa wand.

A short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien exclaims, "Hey now!"
cac vis

You cackle at Visyn.

Snaek chortles.

Bocon laughs.

Bocon prays to Pyrous, delivering a light healing touch to Bocon.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, and Hock the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Eabo says, "Im just glad it didnt code crash."
' Love it

You say, "Love it."

Guvar returns.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Guvar has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Geel the Gavial                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             


Snaek says, "Totally allowed in OOC games but you have to craft the wand in the arena."
wav guv

You wave to Guvar.

Bocon says, "Well jeeze, we had bombs all along."

Hock chuckles.

Guvar waves.
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.
' just need a script with a timer

You say, "Just need a script with a timer."

Hock says, "I love it."

Hock asks you, "So you can drop it in from above?"
' shh

You say, "Shh."

Hock chuckles.
cur hoc

You curse at Hock.

Suddenly, a balsa wand appears into Pahzrael's possession.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek says to Bocon, "So yeah, the code work is there for bombs but there's just a lot of more pressing work to be done currently."

Hock says to you, "I know you too well."

Hock grins.

Eabo asks Pahzrael, "Will that come back up on woodcarving list?"
snic

You snicker.
foll aus

You follow Austere.

Bocon says, "So wait, you make like 50 of those, stuff them into a chest and light them all on fire."

Bocon says, "What happens."
cac boc

You cackle at Bocon.
say boc find out

You say to Bocon, "Find out."

Bocon says, "I don't warve wood, that's for wussies."
Hock says to Bocon, "If you can get to fifty before the first 45 blow up I'll pay you."

Snaek says to Bocon, "It still blows up and hits everyone in the room as if they weren't in the container."

Bocon says, "Carve."

Geel says, "Just like Chinese New Year."
' be nice if one blew them all

You say, "Be nice if one blew them all."

Snaek says, "I think we put wands in the barrel of fire during Charlat's last event."
cac

You cackle.

Bocon says to Hock, "Just have 50 ready and made and light them with a trigger."
asy boc delay

Huh?

Eabo nods his head up and down.

Bocon says, "Then put all wand in chest."
say boc delay

You say to Bocon, "Delay."

Hock says to Bocon, "Gotta light them one at a time."

Visyn says, "Hot wand-potato."

Snaek nods to Visyn.

Bocon asks, "Try light all wands?"
Snaek says, "Literally."
scoff boc

You scoff at Bocon.

Bocon laughs.

Hock says, "Never have. I suppose, like a big bonfire."

Snaek says, "If you pick up something on fire you only have a couple seconds before it burns you and you drop it."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial (seated), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon says, "Taht would be hilarious in games, all mid is called and you drop a ton of those."

Visyn grins.
chu

You chuckle.

Hock grins.
' speaking of games

You say, "Speaking of games."
glan vis

You glance at Visyn.
emo taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...

Xiija taps her feet together, a tinkling silver-belled jade anklet chiming softly...

Hock says, "Cept you have to craft them in the arena."

Geel stands up.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Geel the Gavial, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek says, "We're going to work with Visyn to automate a lot of his work, if he's willing, so that games can be run on a better schedule."
' nice

You say, "Nice."

Geel says, "OK Kids gotta go. Loads of fun y'all."

Geel waves.
wav gee

You wave to Geel.

Snaek salutes to Geel.

Pahzrael waves.

Hock says, "I'd love to get games back."
Visyn says to Snaek, "That would be great."
say gee eat fish

You say to Geel, "Eat fish."
Geel leaves west.
Bocon waves.
Hock waves geel.

Eabo waves geel.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Geel has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             

Snaek says to Visyn, "You've done all the work. Austere can automate it."

Pahzrael says, "I woulda took over but Ive been like busy."

Pahzrael takes a drink from an ice cold beer.

Visyn says, "They will likely be even more important once the combat changes go in."

Bocon says, "With the prayers update, will spells still be based off of your healing level like weapons are from CC."
say aus get us an autobot healer

You say to Austere, "Get us an autobot healer."

Visyn says to you, "Kryger is one."

Pahzrael says to you, "Thats easy."

Snaek says, "Sadly there's not much point in hosting them prior to new combat. Once we go live we will add them to the calendar monthly."

Bocon says, "Cause I know something like that was mentioned last time."
prayers update is nn combat?

Valid schools/domains are: invocation/evocation, holy protection, healing, vexing, cursing, warding, corruption, restoration, neutralization, creation, communing

   Prayer Name               Uses Remaining   Level

   Cure Disease                       1719    23
   Cure Poison                        2491    21
   Detect Disease                     1319    11
   Disease Ward                       1323    11
   Divine Path                        2910    25
   Healing Touch                      4678    38
   Holy Shield                        2288    22
   Inflict Plague                     4980    35
   Mending Aura                       974     10
   Rejuvenation                       6019    42
   Revoke                             264     20
   Holy Strike                        4525    34


 For more information, see PRAYERS, SPELLS, and TRADES.


Visyn nods to Snaek.
'prayers update is nn combat?

You ask, "Prayers update is nn combat?"

Bocon says to Snaek, "Yeah, agreed."

Visyn says to Snaek, "That is the general sentiment I have heard."

Hock says, "Good. I still have tokens to use and want to add to them."

Hock grins.

Visyn says to Hock, "I know. Kryger has a ton of them too. He's gonna be max everything."
say hoc lvl up swimming!.. gives ya a luck raise

You say to Hock, "Lvl up swimming!.. gives ya a luck raise."

Bocon chuckles.
stare

You stare.

Hock grunts.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Your damage will be determined by that and by the difference in level between you and your target."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

diag

Xiija's group:

Austere is in perfect health and is fully rested.
Xiija is in perfect health and is fully rested.


Bocon says, "So it's gonna be based off our primary spell IE healing."
' player level?

You ask, "Player level?"

Snaek asks Bocon, "For what, learning new prayers?"

Bocon says, "Cause I'm working it now, to prepare for the update."

Bocon says, "For player level/damage/new prayers."

Pahzrael says to Bocon, "Everything will branch off of cure poison."
cac

You cackle.

Pahzrael says, "And mending."
win

You wince.

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Yeah, that's honestly not an issue."

Bocon smirks.
' you ever gonna make mending aura the ONLY way to stop bleeders?

You ask, "You ever gonna make mending aura the ONLY way to stop bleeders?"
win

You wince.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Not everything will come from one prayer. Your damage will be based on your stats, your harmful prayer level, and your overall player level."

Snaek says to you, "That's the plan."
pout

You pout.

Bocon says, "So say I get healing to 100 and the new system comes in, where does taht go to."

Pahzrael says to you, "It was the intent at first anyways."

Bocon says, "That."
nod  thoughtfully

You nod thoughtfully.

Snaek says to Bocon, "100 Healing."

Visyn says to Bocon, "You need to switch the locations of your H and A keys."
say boc and you can still bleed to death

You say to Bocon, "And you can still bleed to death."

Bocon says, "Which unlocks all the other healing spells and adds to player level."

Bocon says to Visyn, "THANKS BRO."

Visyn grins.

Bocon chokes Visyn.

Snaek nods to Bocon.

Hock grins.

Bocon says, "Alright, cool deal."

Guvar says, "What's the plan for templars? There isn't any info on the site so kinda goin in blind."

Snaek says to Bocon, "I dont know what level that would make you right off hand, but it will help you."
' AOE heals?.. ressurect?

You ask, "AOE heals?.. ressurect?"
nod guv

You nod to Guvar.
l guv

Guvar looks like an able-bodied 25 year old male Human.
He has crystal blue eyes and very short, neatly kept, glossy black hair.
He is 6 feet 6 inches tall and weighs 203 pounds.
He has an aura of Itzal.
Guvar is in perfect health.



He is wearing:

Torso           : a light cotton jerkin
Torso           : a dark grey wool tunic
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a guest pass
Wield           : a wooden training sword
Held            : a small round wooden shield


Bocon says, "Sneak Yeah, was more concerned with what would unlock from that."

Hock says to you, "Now there's a thought. Priests don't get to resurrect but maybe templars do."

Bocon says, "Since we have branching spells."
flai hoc

You flail your arms at Hock.

Hock grins.

Bocon says, "I'm not gonna lie."

Bocon says, "I totally forgot templas existed."
say hoc templars get self only spells

You say to Hock, "Templars get self only spells."

Bocon says, "Templars."
' i think?

You ask, "I think?"

Snaek says to Guvar, "Apologies for that. There's some healing options being worked on for templars, but yeah they've been an afterthought sadly."

Guvar nods.

Hock says to you, "Oh yeah. OK. they can self rezz."

Hock snickers.
grunt

You grunt.

Yndor pouts.

Bocon says, "A self rez for templars is actually a good idea."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Hock says to Bocon, "With side effects."

Yndor says, "Id be happy with a weak self only vigor."
' mebbe if they have it cast on them before they die

You say, "Mebbe if they have it cast on them before they die."

Snaek says, "Templars are not likely to ever get a vigor."

Bocon says, "I don't think templars are gonna get vigor."

Guvar nods.

Snaek says, "Their prayers are there to support their melee."
' righteous rage?

You ask, "Righteous rage?"

Guvar asks, "We're the traditional paladin or different in some ways?"
cac

You cackle.

Hock says to Guvar, "It's why priests are good at what they do."

Snaek says, "Their healing is more along the lines of channeling, or mending that you can use on others."

Guvar nods.

Guvar says, "Neato."

Yndor says, "Maybe at least cut the vig usage down a tad on the buffs maybe? without using a dagger for combat, they can tire pretty quick with the inital cast and constant ftg drain."

Snaek nods to Yndor.

Snaek says to Yndor, "We'll take a look at see."

Eabo says, "Ftg is the bane of almost all fighters I have found so far."

Bocon says, "You should post ideas and fixes for them in player feedback."

Snaek says to Yndor, "Cook a lot of soup."
cac

You cackle.

Bocon says, "No one has really tested templars."

Bocon says, "Or given feedback."

Yndor says, "Working that now."

Yndor grins.

Eabo nods his head up and down.
grin

You grin.

Yndor says, "Step one. find a priest to buddy up with."

Snaek says, "There's been some feedback coming in just recently on templars and we've already made some changes based on it."
chu ynd

You chuckle at Yndor.

Guvar nods.

Bocon says, "Nice."

Eabo says to Yndor, "Mages can help too."

Eabo grins at Yndor.

Snaek asks, "Do most of you skip on potions?"
' not in the begginning?

You ask, "Not in the begginning?"

Bocon says, "I do."

Eabo says, "Early on, it seems pretty expencive."

Bocon snickers.
poi eab

You point at Eabo.
' more potion drops in acad

You say, "More potion drops in acad."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Pyratherndar has logged on.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Guvar exclaims, "Didn't know there were potions!"

Snaek asks you, "As in more are needed?"

Visyn grins at Guvar.
say snae yes

You say to Snaek, "Yes."

Snaek says, "We'll take a look at pricing and treasure drops."
say snae my alt has to repair and buy potions for fighting, hiding etc

You say to Snaek, "My alt has to repair and buy potions for fighting, hiding etc."
' no coin

You say, "No coin."
Bocon says, "Well, if you have pots drops more in academy, you're gonna find people going there at all levels just to farm them."

Eabo says to Guvar, "In front of the school to the east."

Hock says to Snaek, "I used potions quite a bit at first."
say boc good for meeting new folks

You say to Bocon, "Good for meeting new folks."

Yndor says, "The hard part is the training of those buffs. Use tons of potions or waste a lot of time sleeping for a few minor levels. And that divine force? useess. far weaker than holy strike and so not wirth the ftg."

Hock says to Snaek, "Still do for some training."

Guvar exclaims to Eabo, "Thankya!"

Snaek says to Yndor, "Well templars aren't undead specialists."

Hock grins.

Yndor says, "What's the point of the spell is my question."
' is it undead spell?

You ask, "Is it undead spell?"

Yndor says, "Even against non-undewad holy strike is superior."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Pyratherndar has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             


Snaek says, "Just to have when you can't hit your target."

Bocon says to Yndor, "We all have spells right now that are literally useless, unless it it used to unlock something else."
prayer
   Prayer Name               Uses Remaining   Level

   Cure Disease                       1719    23
   Cure Poison                        2491    21
   Detect Disease                     1319    11
   Disease Ward                       1323    11
   Divine Path                        2910    25
   Healing Touch                      4678    38
   Holy Shield                        2288    22
   Inflict Plague                     4980    35
   Mending Aura                       974     10
   Rejuvenation                       6019    42
   Revoke                             264     20
   Holy Strike                        4525    34


 For more information, see PRAYERS, SPELLS, and TRADES.


Hock says, "All my spells and prayers are useless."
grunt boc

You grunt at Bocon.

Yndor says to Snaek, "We will see how effective it with a few more levels under the belt."

Hock cackles.

Snaek snickers at Hock.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Eabo nods to Hock.

Eabo grins.
say ynd undead spells may double the hit after lvl 10?

You ask Yndor, "Undead spells may double the hit after lvl 10?"
shru

You shrug.

Eabo says to you, "Not for templers."

Snaek says to Yndor, "I hate to keep going back to it, but with the addition of player levels it all changes. It opens you up to the chance of criticals."
' ah

You say, "Ah."
say boc crit plague

You say to Bocon, "Crit plague."
swoo

You swoon.
pray inflict boc



You inflict an festering plague at Bocon.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

snap

You snap your fingers.

Hock chuckles at you.
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Bocon says, "Yeah, I think there's gonna be a huge swing in power once player levels come in."
pray disease ward 



You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.

Snaek nods to Bocon.

Yndor nods to Snaek understood. I am determine to see how effective a templar can be as is though.

Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.

Bocon says, "I think mages are gonna be broken too."

Yndor closes his eyes and prays to Kaleith for guidance.
Guvar asks, "Will templars have fewer prayers than priests?"
Yndor opens his eyes with a focused look.

Bocon snickers.

Yndor prays to Kaleith for defensive prowess, but his prayers go unanswered.

Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.

Snaek says to Bocon, "I think a lot will be. That's why we've left the summer to test it."

Yndor prays to Kaleith for defensive prowess, but his prayers go unanswered.

Bocon says to Guvar, "Probably."

Yndor prays to Kaleith to bless him with the defense of his deity.
A defensive aura encompasses Yndor.

Bocon nods.

Hock takes a drink from a bottle of warm beer.
diag

Xiija's group:

Austere is in perfect health and is fully rested.
Xiija is in perfect health and is barely winded.


Bocon says, "Good thing I have the entire summer off."

Snaek nods to Guvar.

Hock glances around.

Eabo asks Snaek, "Oh... hows tracking coming?"

Guvar nods.

Yndor thrusts his hands forward, channeling a blast of energy at a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
A wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin resists the attack.

A wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin attacks Yndor with a quick punch.
The attack is a glancing blow.

Yndor snaps his fingers.
Yndor attacks a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin with a sharp elbow.
The attack misses.

A wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin attacks Yndor with a sharp elbow.
The attack is a decent strike.
cac

You cackle.
Yndor attacks a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin with a strong jab.
The attack misses.

Austere prays to Archai for calmness.
snic aus

You snicker at Austere.

Yndor chuckles.

Bocon chuckles.

Hock Hock crouches, trying to hide what he's doing.

Visyn asks Eabo, "What part of tracking?"

Hock coughs.

Snaek says to Eabo, "Not bad. The redesign is complete. Now I'm just seeing what adjustments are needed, if any."

Hock glances around.
emo prays to Austere for a tattoing needle

Xiija prays to Austere for a tattoing needle.

Visyn says to Snaek, "Tell me more."
grov

You grovel.

Hock fills a bottle of warm beer from some bloodboil.

Hock hums innocently.
cac hoc

You cackle at Hock.

Hock exclaims to you, "What?!"

Snaek says to Visyn, "Well it's always been overpowered for a skilled called Tracking, but I've never had issue with what it can do. It's a slow motion teleport to person."

Visyn nods to Snaek.

Snaek says to Visyn, "It's being redesigned to better resemble that."

Pahzrael says, "Works good for mobs too."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael cackles.

Bocon says, "Any chance there's gonna be any secret/underground ERC's to help maybe organize some underground thief/assassin stuff? I think those guys need some help honestly."

Visyn says, "It's great for hunting."

Visyn says, "That's what I like most about the way it is."

Eabo nods to Visyn.

Snaek says to Visyn, "That wont be changing."
say boc you havent heard of the Brotherhood?

You ask Bocon, "You havent heard of the Brotherhood?"
stare

You stare.

Snaek says to Visyn, "It's radius however is being reviewed."

Hock says to Snaek, "Some shadow folk type quests."

Hock grins.

Bocon says to you, "Your made up sex ring does not exist."
cac

You cackle.

Visyn asks Snaek, "To be smaller?"
' not the Buggerhood
You say, "Not the Buggerhood."
flai

You flail your arms.

Snaek says to Bocon, "There are some underground actors out there already for this very purpose."

Hock grins.

Your natural defenses against disease take over.

Pahzrael hums innocently.

Bocon says, "Good deal."

Hock asks Snaek, "There are?"

Eabo grins at Hock.

Snaek says, "Pearl has tunnels, but they've depended on where the entry points are going to be. The rooftops were needed to shape this."
' a lot of bloody locked doors.. who has the keys?

You ask, "A lot of bloody locked doors.. who has the keys?"
Hock gapes.


The holy shield surrounding Yndor fades.
say hoc i kin show ya

You say to Hock, "I kin show ya."
Pahzrael raises its hand.

Hock says to Snaek, "Last I recall hearing was there were no Pearlean 'sewers'."
wink hoc

You wink at Hock.
listen pah

You listen to Pahzrael.

Visyn says to you, "The locks are to protect you."

Snaek says to Hock, "There wasn't. It's still not technically sewers, but there is a system beneath the city."
flai vis

You flail your arms at Visyn.

Snaek says to Hock, "Half of it is developed and unlocked. The other half is currently being written."

Hock says, "Hmph."
emo hmphs

Xiija hmphs.

The focus in Yndor's eyes fades.

Hock says, "Better late than never I guess, for me that is."

Snaek grins at Hock.

Eabo says to Hock, "Its no fun... wouldn't interest you."

Visyn says to you, "I'm betting some of those locked doors have nothing on the other side and your character just gets deleted."

Eabo shakes his head from side to side.

Eabo grins at Hock.

Hock chuckles at Eabo.
cac vis

You cackle at Visyn.

Hock says, "Ouch."

Pahzrael exclaims to Visyn, "Spoilers!"

Bocon says, "Priest's need buffs, I'm tired of seeing Xiija letting her entire groups die."
say vis as long as itns not a bottomless well

You say to Visyn, "As long as itns not a bottomless well."

Snaek says to Hock, "It's coming together nicely. Someone who knows the tunnels well will be able to navigate the city without crossing the center streets."
cac boc

You cackle at Bocon.

Visyn says to you, "Yeah, it's like that. But, at the bottom of the bottomless well, you get deleted."
win

You wince.

Bocon asks Snaek, "Will being a bad guy be easier than it currently is now?"
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Eabo asks Visyn, "Is that like falling from a tree while kneeling?"

Snaek says to Austere, "We gotta change the locked doors. They're on to us."
get lockp jun

You get a chintzy tin lockpick from a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.
pet lockp

You pet a chintzy tin lockpick.
cac

You cackle.
Pahzrael gets a mahogany-handled iron key from an invisible keychain.
put locp jun

You don't seem to be carrying that.

Austere says to Snaek, "Turn them in to Tetherian ships...that delete you."

Snaek says to Bocon, "I hope so. I am a bad guy. I try to always create opportunities for them."

Bocon shows some tattered blue cotton robes to you.
It looks like some tattered blue cotton robes.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara to you.
It looks like a twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara.  The pole itself has been twisted. Deep swirls of bloody red twirl and dance across the staff like a murderous mist floating through a vile, baleful night.  Bright holy runes of inlaid arcsilver intertwine and spiral down the pole to the foot.  The foot of the khakkhara points down resembling a small flame.  The head of the khakkhara holds twelve large rings and is topped with a phoenix rising from the flames.

A twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara has some small dents (80%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a steel tower shield to you.
It looks like a steel tower shield.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a dapper black broadcloth cloak to you.
It looks like a dapper black broadcloth cloak.

Bocon shows a dark red garnet to you.
It looks like a dark red garnet.
Bocon shows some niello to you.
It looks like some niello.
Bocon shows some niello to you.
It looks like some niello.
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

Bocon shows 234 doubloons to you.
It looks like 234 doubloons.
Bocon shows a large ebony shield to you.
It looks like a large ebony shield. 


Snaek says to Austere, "That's true."
put lockp jun

You put a chintzy tin lockpick in a wyvern-painted leather junk sack.
stare boc

You stare at Bocon.

Bocon removes an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica.
Bocon removes some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets.
Bocon removes some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves.
Bocon removes a crimson flame-embroidered holy ceremonial cotton robe.
Bocon removes a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute.
Bocon removes some dark red-threaded flame-stitched linen trousers.
Bocon removes some thick-soled blacksteel spiked deep red leather warboots.
Bocon removes some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium bracers.
Bocon removes a long flame-embroidered hooded crimson silk cape.
Bocon removes a holy fire symbol-etched blacksteel scroll case.
Bocon removes a rounded glittering crystal ring.
Bocon removes a polished black thoraxium segmented spaulder.
Bocon removes a full-faced deep red garnet encrusted arcsilver flame mask.
Bocon removes an ivory-trimmed blood and ash vial-embedded iron amulet.
Bocon removes a jagged blackened steel crown of flames.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 124/128>
Bocon removes a small volcano-clasped flame-embroidered canvas rucksack.
Bocon removes some deep crimson soft leather flame-embroidered gloves.
Bocon removes a wide pyrargyrite-inlaid brushed blacksteel ring.
Bocon removes a flame-etched banded blacksteel earcuff.
Bocon removes a smooth bloodstone flame necklace.
Bocon removes a pyrargyrite-hilted curved blackened arcsilver kujang.
Bocon removes a red-stained pine shield.

Snaek says to Bocon, "Just today we added a bit that makes sure muggers dont attack outlaws."

Bocon shows a full-faced deep red garnet encrusted arcsilver flame mask to you.
It looks like a full-faced deep red garnet encrusted arcsilver flame mask.

Bocon shows a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute to you.
It looks like a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute.

Bocon shows some dark red-threaded flame-stitched linen trousers to you.
It looks like some dark red-threaded flame-stitched linen trousers.

Bocon shows some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves to you.
It looks like some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves.

Bocon shows an ivory-trimmed blood and ash vial-embedded iron amulet to you.
It looks like an ivory-trimmed blood and ash vial-embedded iron amulet. The vials are half-filled with blood or ash respectively. The ivory trim that encircles the amulet is carved into flames pointing inward. A thin, iron chain is affixed at the top.

Bocon shows some tattered blue cotton robes to you.
It looks like some tattered blue cotton robes.

Bocon shows a jagged blackened steel crown of flames to you.
It looks like a jagged blackened steel crown of flames that is little more than a narrow, circular blackened steel band.  The steel has been cut in a jagged design, more to intimidate than any sense of fashion.  Above each ear, the jagged effect has been drawn upward to resemble flames.  The centrepiece of the crown houses a single, deep red, garnet stone, symbolizing one's faith to Pyrous.

Bocon shows a small volcano-clasped flame-embroidered canvas rucksack to you.
It looks like a small volcano-clasped flame-embroidered canvas rucksack.
a small volcano-clasped flame-embroidered canvas rucksack is closed.
Bocon shows some thick-soled blacksteel spiked deep red leather warboots to you.
It looks like some thick-soled blacksteel spiked deep red leather warboots.
Inside you see:


Bocon shows some deep crimson soft leather flame-embroidered gloves to you.
It looks like some deep crimson soft leather flame-embroidered gloves.

Bocon shows some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium bracers to you.
It looks like some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium bracers.
Inside you see:

a bone dagger
 
Bocon shows a long flame-embroidered hooded crimson silk cape to you.
It looks like a long flame-embroidered hooded crimson silk cape. Made from a strong, deceptively warm spider silk, this beautifully embroidered cape sweeps back across the wearer's shoulders and falls to a scalloped hem that trails behind. At the throat, a brilliant volcano with tiny garnets running down the sides, formed from beautiful crystal, clasps it closed. It rises to a deep hood that veils the wearer's facial features.

Bocon shows a wide pyrargyrite-inlaid brushed blacksteel ring to you.
It looks like a wide pyrargyrite-inlaid brushed blacksteel ring. As black as a moonless midnight, blacksteel has been used as a base for this ominous design. Around it have been woven arcsilver and gold wires, creating a lattice through which the enclosed steel can barely be made out. A flat disc of persarium has been fastened to the top of the ring, and a single pyrargyrite crystal protrudes from its center. Spokes of diamond dust stretch from crystal to rim, and between each pair of spokes lay a small phoenix.

Bocon shows a holy fire symbol-etched blacksteel scroll case to you.
It looks like a holy fire symbol-etched blacksteel scroll case.
a holy fire symbol-etched blacksteel scroll case is closed.
Bocon shows an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica to you.
It looks like an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica.

An ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica is dented (68%)
Bocon shows a rounded glittering crystal ring to you.
It looks like a rounded glittering crystal ring with such fine chisel-strokes that the slim band seems almost perfectly rounded.  Running around the outside are carven flames set with tiny garnets, they seem to dance and flicker with the light reflected from the fine facets.

Bocon shows a crimson flame-embroidered holy ceremonial cotton robe to you.
It looks like a crimson flame-embroidered holy ceremonial cotton robe.  The hem and collar are pressed stiff, lending a strength and straightness to the clothing that matches the resolve of those deemed necessary to don the garment.

Bocon shows a flame-etched banded blacksteel earcuff to you.
It looks like a flame-etched banded blacksteel earcuff made up of several delicate bands of blacksteel, linked to each other in an intricate flame pattern that seems to grow downwards from the top of ear, rather than simply hanging there.  Nestled in the flames are several tiny garnets, their dark-red depths gleaming in the light.

Bocon shows a polished black thoraxium segmented spaulder to you.
It looks like a polished black thoraxium segmented spaulder.

Bocon shows a smooth bloodstone flame necklace to you.
It looks like a smooth bloodstone flame necklace.

Bocon shows some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets to you.
It looks like some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara to you.
It looks like a twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara.  The pole itself has been twisted. Deep swirls of bloody red twirl and dance across the staff like a murderous mist floating through a vile, baleful night.  Bright holy runes of inlaid arcsilver intertwine and spiral down the pole to the foot.  The foot of the khakkhara points down resembling a small flame.  The head of the khakkhara holds twelve large rings and is topped with a phoenix rising from the flames.

A twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara has some small dents (80%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a steel tower shield to you.
It looks like a steel tower shield.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is nothing but splinters (3%)
Bocon shows a dapper black broadcloth cloak to you.
It looks like a dapper black broadcloth cloak.

Bocon shows a dark red garnet to you.
It looks like a dark red garnet.
Bocon shows some niello to you.
It looks like some niello.
Bocon shows some niello to you.
It looks like some niello.
Bocon shows a pyrargyrite-hilted curved blackened arcsilver kujang to you.
It looks like a pyrargyrite-hilted curved blackened arcsilver kujang. Burnished to a subtle gleam, the curved, blackened arcsilver blade is a perfect tool for slicing and stabbing into soft flesh. Swirls of red gold twist and turn like tendrils of lustrous fire around the grip to create an ostentatious hand guard. A faint symbol of two crossed hammers has been etched on the base of the blade. A lightweight handle made of bone holds a piece of gleaming pyrargyrite, carved into the shape of a flame.
A pyrargyrite-hilted curved blackened arcsilver kujang looks slightly used (98%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

A red-stained pine shield is badly cracked and splintered (27%)
Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

Bocon shows a red-stained pine shield to you.
It looks like a red-stained pine shield.

Bocon shows 234 doubloons to you.
It looks like 234 doubloons.
Bocon shows a large ebony shield to you.
It looks like a large ebony shield. 


Bocon laughs.

Bocon says, "Sneak Taht's pretty cool."

Bocon says, "That's."

Snaek says, "It's the little things."
sow all boc

Huh?



The holy shield surrounding you fades.

Hock says, "That is pretty cool."

Snaek says, "Some of you have likely seen muggers jumping out more."

Austere says, "Investigated some gnomish aid groups."

Bocon puts on a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute.
Bocon puts on some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium bracers.
Bocon puts on a polished black thoraxium segmented spaulder.
Bocon puts on some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves.
Bocon puts on some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets.

Bocon puts on an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica.

Bocon puts on a small volcano-clasped flame-embroidered canvas rucksack.

Bocon puts on some tattered blue cotton robes.

Snaek says, "We expanded their instances to all the roads outside of Pearl and added more encounters."

Bocon puts on a flame-etched banded blacksteel earcuff.
Bocon puts on a smooth bloodstone flame necklace.
Bocon wields a pyrargyrite-hilted curved blackened arcsilver kujang.
Bocon puts on a full-faced deep red garnet encrusted arcsilver flame mask.
Bocon puts on an ivory-trimmed blood and ash vial-embedded iron amulet.
Bocon puts on some deep crimson soft leather flame-embroidered gloves.
Bocon puts on a wide pyrargyrite-inlaid brushed blacksteel ring.
Bocon puts on some thick-soled blacksteel spiked deep red leather warboots.
Bocon puts on a rounded glittering crystal ring.
Bocon holds a large ebony shield.
say snae how much of an outlaw?

You ask Snaek, "How much of an outlaw?"
cac

You cackle.

Snaek says to you, "Full blown."
grunt

You grunt.
' skrew that

You say, "Skrew that."
cac

You cackle.

Snaek chuckles.

Pahzrael says to you, "Missed yer chance."

Pahzrael cackles.
snic

You snicker.

Bocon says, "Would be cool to have a blackmarket peddler."
' im a mass murderer

You say, "Im a mass murderer."
snic

You snicker.

Pahzrael nods.

Hock says, "I know one guy who doesn't play much because of how hard being a bad guy has been."
say boc there is

You say to Bocon, "There is."
Hock chuckles.

Pahzrael says, "I know."

Visyn says to Snaek, "I know not everyone likes to be forced into roleplay scenarios but it would be nice for some random encounters by actors. For example, you're in your temple and someone comes in that needs your help, an attack on the temple or whatever. Just some mini scenarios that keeps the engagement up."

Bocon asks you, "Yeah?"
nod hoc

You nod to Hock.
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.
say boc got to be a thief or assassin tho

You say to Bocon, "Got to be a thief or assassin tho."

Snaek says to Visyn, "I completely agree."
grin vis

You grin at Visyn.

Pahzrael says to Visyn, "Did just happen, actually with Ivan."

Snaek says to Visyn, "We haven't always had proper staff coverage to monitor all the religions equally."

Hock says, "I heard. Sorry I missed that scenario."

Pahzrael says, "Totally not planned."

Bocon says, "Hobgoblins kept trying to kill me in my forest while I was playing with my forest friends."

Bocon says, "That wasn't nice."

Visyn says to Pahzrael, "That's cool. We need more stuff like that."
say vis i murdered a Itzal preiest today

You say to Visyn, "I murdered a Itzal preiest today."
beam

You beam.
Hock nods his head up and down.

Snaek chuckles at Bocon.

Eabo says to Bocon, "Well some tried to pull you in."

Pahzrael says, "I had the hobgoblins actually track you down."

Pahzrael cackles.

Hock asks you, "He wouldn't flirt with you?"
cac pah
You cackle at Pahzrael.

Hock teases you.
snic hoc

You snicker at Hock.
Bocon laughs.

Snaek says to Hock, "I'm with you. It's not always easy being a bad guy."

Bocon says, "Yo, seriously though, for mid range hunting, the commanders and zerkers hit harder than anything in the game almost."
grunt boc

You grunt at Bocon.

Snaek says, "We do take them into consideration on everything we do though. I will always be thief so if something new goes in, I try to make sure it doesn't work against them."

Bocon says, "I got evaporated in that rescue attempt."

Pahzrael says, "They are still being tweaked a bit."

Hock says to Snaek, "Honestly, If I wanted to go outlaw it would kinda be self suicide. So much of what I need to practice my arts is on NAI."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Gadfly has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Gadfly the Goblin                                           

nod hoc

You nod to Hock.

Visyn says, "Doesn't have to be just the temples though. I've always enjoyed the random stuff that happens when on a group hunt. It really makes things interesting and gives everyone something to talk about. It also gives something for Blink to blow completely out of proportion."
' got to skill up first

You say, "Got to skill up first."

Bocon laughs.
chu vis

You chuckle at Visyn.

Pahzrael says to Hock, "But now we have an expanding three bridges and an open road to rum village. easier to be an outlaw than ever before."

Hock says to you, "Still would need stuff from NAI to continue to SKILL UP."

Hock says, "At least so far."

Bocon says to you, "I seriously thought I had no armor on, because I died so fast in the room we walked into."
nod

You nod.

Gadfly arrives from the west.
wav gad

You wave to Gadfly.

Gadfly says, "Cool its still happening."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Visyn grins at Gadfly.

Visyn says to Gadfly, "We just started."
say boc plague n run

You say to Bocon, "Plague n run."

Snaek asks, "Is that Gadfly McQuick?"

Snaek gapes.

Gadfly cackles at Snaek.

Bocon says to you, "No, it was 1 round of combat and I died."
' wow

You say, "Wow."

Bocon says, "Because it was a few commanders and zerkers."
' fifty mobs?

You ask, "Fifty mobs?"

Bocon says, "No."
grunt

You grunt.

Eabo asks Pahzrael, "Will the red and black be explained IC soon?"

Bocon says, "Commanders were hitting me for over 20 through my blacksteel."
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.
Pahzrael says to Eabo, "Maybe."
Bocon says, "And so were zerkers."

Hock raises an eyebrow at Bocon.

Visyn exclaims to Eabo, "Quit asking for spoilers!"
cac eab

You cackle at Eabo.

Snaek says to Hock, "The tunnels were created so bad guys could still move about the city without running into the law. Rum village has a bank and shops for the same reason. There are possibilities out there. it's just a lonely battle."

Eabo says, "Well I am not always sure what should be known already by eabo or not."

Eabo shrugs.
say eab you need an ERC to tell ya

You say to Eabo, "You need an ERC to tell ya."
grin

You grin.

Bocon says, "Some of us actually have a lot of info on some of them."
Snaek says to Eabo, "I dont know what the red and black guys are either."

Eabo grins at Snaek.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek says, "I thought they were new muggers."

Snaek fidgets.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Visyn asks, "Are they checkers?"

Bocon laughs.

Pahzrael waves its hands around an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica.
bat pah

You bat your eyes at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael gives an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica to Bocon.
l gad

Gadfly looks like a muscular 44 year old male Goblin.
He has pitch black eyes and short, spiky, glossy black hair.
He is 3 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 100 pounds.
He has an aura of Itzal.
Gadfly is in perfect health.



He is wearing:

Head            : a black cotton bandana
Torso           : a riveted black leather-trimmed hardened leather cuirass
Torso           : a dark grey wool tunic
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a small leather knife sheath
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge

Snaek says, "That Yiri fella made out alright with his run as an outlaw."
rub banda

You rub a purple cotton bandana.
hum

You hum.

Pahzrael asks, "You mean King Yiri?"
' emporer Yiri

You say, "Emporer Yiri."
nod

You nod.

Hock chuckles.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Eabo exclaims, "Long livez du King!"
sal eab

You salute to Eabo.

Hock asks, "How do you mean?"
sal hoc

You salute to Hock.
sal gad

You salute to Gadfly.

Hock asks, "How did he make out?"

Hock waves to you.

Bocon puts on an ornate flame engraved blacksteel segmented lorica.
Gadfly grins.

Snaek says to Hock, "He hanged."

Hock laughs.

Hock says, "Uh huh."

Visyn grins.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Bocon says to Pahzrael, "How's it look."

Gadfly exclaims to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, "Drop and sudden drop!"

Hock says, "If your goal is to be taller...."

Gadfly gulps.

Gadfly says, "Hrm Short drop and sudden stop rather."

Snaek says, "He escaped a time or two."
chu

You chuckle.

Hock nods his head up and down.
' and his followers blew up the place

You say, "And his followers blew up the place."
beam

You beam.

Snaek says, "Should have escaped again when the wand blew up but we were too far then."

Eabo snickers.

Hock grins.

Pahzrael says to Bocon, "Your armor is good. I think their weapons may have been tweaked a bit too high at the time."

Pahzrael starts building a fire.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael hums.

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Yeah, I think that's a good assessment."

Bocon chuckles.

Pahzrael is done lighting a balsa wand.

Pahzrael drops a balsa wand.

Snaek chuckles.

Hock grins.
getwand 
put wand sat

Huh?
You don't seem to be carrying that.

Eabo asks Bocon, "You messed with them in the quarters since then havent you?"
get wand 
put wand sat

Ouch!! A balsa wand is on fire!
You don't seem to be carrying that.

Bocon shakes his head from side to side.

Snaek gets a balsa wand.

Snaek drops a balsa wand.

Snaek snaps his fingers.

Bocon says, "Nah, they evaporated me and I was like fuck that."

Visyn says, "Yiri's run lasted a long time. Much longer than I could have lasted. Props to him."
nod

You nod.

Hock grunts.
l


[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Eabo snaps his fingers.

Gadfly says, "I missed all the good stuff."
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

Hock says, "It'd be cool if you could pick it up and hand it to someone."

Hock chuckles.

Snaek says to Visyn, "That's partly our fault too. We had a lot going on at the time and couldn't seem to catch up with him at the same hours."
grin

You grin.

Visyn gets a balsa wand.

Visyn drops a balsa wand.

Gadfly says, "I read the forums about Yiri but never really had any in game interactions."

Visyn gets a balsa wand.
get wand 
put wand sat

You don't see 'wand' here.
You don't seem to be carrying that.

Visyn ponders.
glan vis

You glance at Visyn.

Visyn glances at a balsa wand.
' Ptrous!

You exclaim, "Ptrous!"

Hock says, "Yiri did a great job at raising havoc."
' Pyrous

You say, "Pyrous."

Snaek says, "He did."

Visyn drops a balsa wand.

Snaek says, "He was a good sport."
get wand 
put wand sat

Ouch!! A balsa wand is on fire!
You don't seem to be carrying that.

Visyn gets a balsa wand.

Visyn drops a balsa wand.
inv
Inventory:

some fish and chips (1.0 lb)
 
Currency: 178 doubloons

Carrying: 235 items (53.0 | 81.0) lbs.

put fish sat

You put some fish and chips in a grimy worn leather satchel.

Pahzrael ducks.

Visyn says, "You can't actually hand it to someone."

Bocon says, "There's a lot of red tape I have to wade through to blow shit up."

Visyn gets a balsa wand.

Visyn gives a balsa wand to Bocon.

Hock says, "When he finds out we are talking about him in the past tense he will be back in game."

Visyn says, "Oh, you can."
say vis can ya put it in a pack?
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Snaek chuckles at Bocon.
You ask Visyn, "Can ya put it in a pack?"

Bocon says, "Cause of all the politics."

Visyn stares at Bocon.

Snaek says to Hock, "He's not gone. We have a lot of players like him who come and go as time allows."
glan
You glance.

Bocon chuckles.

Hock nods.

Snaek says, "We'll reach out to all of them when we go live."
hov back

You hover back.

Eabo crouches into an evasive stance.

Pahzrael gets the body of Papa Smurf from a red and white-checkered flannel vest.
emo retreats 2UD's!

Xiija retreats 2UD's!

Gadfly exclaims, "I'm one of those that come and go!"

Visyn glances at Bocon.

Bocon scoffs.

Gadfly says, "Hell I made this account a couple years ago now I think."

Bocon says, "School is hard okay."
say vis will it pop when he drops it?

You ask Visyn, "Will it pop when he drops it?"

Snaek says to Gadfly, "We appreciate any and all time you spend here."

Visyn asks Bocon, "Did you put out the fire?"

Snaek says, "We have staff members that are the same way. You play when you can."
cur purousians

You curse purousians.

Hock nods his head up and down.

Bocon says to Visyn, "No, the Lord will always protect me from fire."

Bocon beams.

Eabo says, "The more folks around the more fun at any time."

Pahzrael starts building a fire.

Visyn says to Bocon, "I hope you blow up."
Eabo grins.

Snaek says, "The point is you always have this place to come back to."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 124/128>
Gadfly says to Snaek, "The only problem is being actively invovled when I'm not here on a regular basis."

Bocon laughs.
cac

You cackle.

Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Bocon removes some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves.
Bocon puts on some dark red-threaded flame-stitched linen trousers.

Pahzrael is done lighting a balsa wand.

Hock gapes.

Pahzrael drops a balsa wand.

Bocon puts on some white-trimmed polished black thoraxium greaves.

Hock chuckles.
Pahzrael snaps its fingers.
gt wand

Huh?
get wand

Ouch!! A balsa wand is on fire!

Bocon removes a large ebony shield.

Hock says to Pahzrael, "Make the boulder eat it before it blows up."

Snaek asks, "Gadly what would make that easier on you?"

Bocon holds a twisted twelve-ringed holy persarium khakkhara.

Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.(4)

Snaek coughs.

Gadfly says, "I gotta say though everytime I get a small little playing spell and then disappear I notice Austere always nerfs whatever it was I was working on."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon removes some tattered blue cotton robes.
Bocon puts on a long flame-embroidered hooded crimson silk cape.
cac gad

You cackle at Gadfly.

Eabo chuckles.

Bocon removes a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute.
Bocon puts on a jagged blackened steel crown of flames.

Bocon puts on a white-trimmed polished black thoraxium y-slit barbute.
Hock chuckles.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Pahzrael waves its hands around the body of Papa Smurf.

Bocon removes some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets.
Bocon puts on a holy fire symbol-etched blacksteel scroll case.

Gadfly says to Snaek, "I'm not really sure anything could cure that except playing more often."

Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Bocon puts on some polished black thoraxium segmented tassets.
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.(54)
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.
Pahzrael puts a balsa wand in the body of Papa Smurf.(36)

Hock says, "We're all gonna be blue."

Snaek glances at Pahzrael.
say pah terrorist

You say to Pahzrael, "Terrorist."

Hock laughs.

Bocon says, "ISIS."

Pahzrael asks, "What?"

Bocon says, "Reported."
pray disease ward 



You pray to Aerthane for protection from diseases, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Pahzrael puts the body of Papa Smurf in a red and white-checkered flannel vest.
pray disease ward 



You pray to Aerthane for protection from diseases, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

pray disease ward 
Gadfly asks, "Which one of you nerfed(fixed) pilfering from empty pockets?"



You pray to Aerthane for protection from diseases, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

pray disease ward 

Snaek says to Gadfly, "I'm always looking for ways to make that transition easier."



You pray to Aerthane, tracing a protective outline around yourself.
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Bocon chuckles.

Snaek raises his hand.

Pahzrael points at Austere.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, and a balsa wand (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

diag

Xiija's group:

Austere is in perfect health and is fully rested.
Xiija is in perfect health and is barely winded.


Bocon puts on some tattered blue cotton robes.

Bocon removes some tattered blue cotton robes.
Bocon puts on a crimson flame-embroidered holy ceremonial cotton robe.
say boc drop the ewand

You say to Bocon, "Drop the ewand."

A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a decent burn to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a decent burn to Bocon!
The explosion is a decent burn to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Yndor!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a decent burn to Austere!
The explosion is a decent burn to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast (6) to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a mild burn to Gadfly!

Bocon says to you, "No."
' see

You say, "See."
Snaek says to Gadfly, "I addressed a few loopholes in pilfering."

Pahzrael cackles.

Snaek waves his hands around himself.

Visyn grins.

Bocon says, "So it does 14 no matter what."

Gadfly says to Snaek, "It wouldn't be a bad idea to have a slight outline of what the word is in the world when you log in."

Bocon prays to Pyrous, delivering a light healing touch to Bocon.

Visyn says to Bocon, "No."
' i got 6
You say, "I got 6."

Bocon says, "Wtf."

Eabo says, "4."
lau

You laugh.

Eabo grins.

Yndor says, "2."

Visyn says to Bocon, "It depends on the strength of the hit."

Visyn says, "15 For me."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 125/128>
Bocon says, "I call hax."
say boc up you CC

You say to Bocon, "Up you CC."

Pahzrael says to Bocon, "Maybe yer just a weenie."

Bocon says, "No, then my friends can't hit me anymore."

Gadfly says to Snaek, "For instance if there has been some type of scenario going on lately like pirates attacking remote parts of the island and the leaders head has a bounty on it....."

Snaek says to Gadfly, "We considered a running news list you could access from the main account menu."

Bocon says, "I need to get 100 before the update."

Bocon beams.

Gadfly says to Snaek, "If there was a way you could put up some type of basic outline of that on a message at login."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, and a moss-covered granite boulder.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek ponders.

Gadfly says to Snaek, "Or some way of getting an active list of what is going on."
glan pah

You glance at Pahzrael.

Snaek says to Gadfly, "I'll look into it."

Gadfly says to Snaek, "Not a big spoiler but just something you can use to fetch info from other players."

Visyn says, "Could change the login message more often."

Snaek says, "We used to update the intro screen more often but it's not the easiest of tasks."

Bocon asks Snaek, "Oh, are raises from skills still working?"
say pah so why cant i pick up a  burning wand?

You ask Pahzrael, "So why cant I pick up a burning wand?"

Snaek nods to Bocon.
grunt boc

You grunt at Bocon.



The holy shield surrounding you fades.

Pahzrael asks you, "Weeine?"
cac

You cackle.
Eabo says to Snaek, "Kinda like hooks or leads on running scenarios."

Bocon says to Snaek, "I've gotten 3 from blacksmithing and 0 from everything else..."
say eab read the VOICE

You say to Eabo, "Read the VOICE."

Visyn says to you, "You can."

Snaek says to Bocon, "That sucks."
disagree vis..

You shake your head from side to side vis..

Bocon says to Snaek, "Why my luck stat so bad."

Bocon cries.

Visyn says to you, "You just have to be persistent."

Snaek comforts Bocon.

Hock asks, "Has anyone ever received a strength raise?"
chu

You chuckle.

Your natural defenses against disease take over.

Pahzrael says, "Its a 1% chance of a stat raise."
win

You wince.

Bocon says, "Lies."
Hock grunts.

Eabo ponders.

Gadfly says, "The last time I played (interacted) it was during a peddle and I introduced myself as Gadfly MacQuick(Good job on the rename too! I got a big laugh out of it) and then I had to do RL shit for a few months. I did read the boards and there was some type of event going on. I think it was an expedition party and also a feast with the King or something."
say boc get a clover

You say to Bocon, "Get a clover."
Visyn drops a small fur-covered prayer book.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Hock says, "I figure with all the time I put in the mines I was a shoe-in for a strength raise."

Visyn is done lighting a small fur-covered prayer book.

Bocon asks, "That means once I get healing to 100, that I should have 1 raise from it then?"
get book

Visyn gets a small fur-covered prayer book.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You don't see 'book' here.
Visyn drops a small fur-covered prayer book.
get book

Ouch!! A small fur-covered prayer book is on fire!

Pahzrael says, "Totally random."

Gadfly says, "It would be easier to jump into stuff like that if I had a small confirmed lead to go off of."

Visyn says to you, "Try."
get book

Ouch!! A small fur-covered prayer book is on fire!

Eabo nods to Gadfly.

The last piece of a small fur-covered prayer book turns to ash.
say vis Ouch!! A small fur-covered prayer book is on fire!

You exclaim to Visyn, "Ouch!! A small fur-covered prayer book is on fire!"
Austere says to Gadfly, "I went ahead and fixed everything I nerfed to make up for it."

Snaek says, "I think we can work out a system of updates. We use a message of the day type of format to display upcoming events."
Hock says to Bocon, "And only 1% of that chance that it'd be a strength raise."

Gadfly laughs at Austere.

Visyn says to you, "Have to be persistent."

Visyn drops some striped cotton socks.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Gadfly says to Austere, "I'm still not doing 100 dmg a hit though like before."

Bocon laughs.

Gadfly says to Austere, "Oh and when I pilfer I no longer grab those 400 doubloon purses."

Visyn is done lighting some striped cotton socks.
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
Visyn gestures at some striped cotton socks.
Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
Visyn nods to you.
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
Bocon says, "Like when backstab was doing like 300 damage."
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc
Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
<HP: 46/157 ST: 128/128>
Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!

Snaek fidgets.

Visyn says to you, "Keep trying."
' spammed 20 times

You say, "Spammed 20 times."

Gadfly says to Bocon, "I still don't even have that move."
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc

Ouch!! Some striped cotton socks is on fire!
get soc
The last piece of some striped cotton socks turns to ash.
<HP: 8/157 ST: 128/128>
You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.
get soc

You don't see 'soc' here.

Snaek says, "Or pilfering for thousands."
disagree vis

You shake your head from side to side to Visyn.

Pahzrael says, "Maybe we could do different scripts to pull from based off the type of skill? strength con etc for physical activities."

Hock nods his head up and down.

Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Hock says, "At least change the %'s to lean that way."

Snaek says to Gadfly, "Pilfering will have better returns with the new combat system. The amount you take will be determined by the difficulty of target."

Visyn is done lighting some etched wooden prayer beads.
get bead

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!
get bead

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!
get bead

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!
get bead

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!


[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

get bead

You don't see 'bead' here.
get bead

You don't see 'bead' here.
w

You can't go that way.
n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

w

You can't go that way.
n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, and some etched wooden prayer beads (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

get bead

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!


[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

get bead

You don't see 'bead' here.
n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

w


[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w


[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, and a small pile of ashes.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

glan

You glance.


Visyn gives some etched wooden prayer beads to you.
Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.
' see

You say, "See."

Gadfly asks Austere, "Everybody has to have a fall guy, right?"
' weird

You say, "Weird."

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!


[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, and a small pile of ashes.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.

Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!
' is someone moving me?

You ask, "Is someone moving me?"
Ouch!! Some etched wooden prayer beads is on fire!


[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w


[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, and some etched wooden prayer beads (burning).

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

' i am dying?

You ask, "I am dying?"

Bocon says, "Yes."

Snaek says to Hock, "Well currently there's not anything between you and your target to compare. The new system includes an overall player level (and mob level). The gap between them will increase your payout."
inv
Inventory:

some etched wooden prayer beads (1.0 lb)
 
Currency: 178 doubloons

Carrying: 236 items (54.0 | 81.0) lbs.


Gadfly says, "I remember when I found out drowning only ticked for small amounts of DMG so I went underwater and started working first aid."
drop bead

You drop some etched wooden prayer beads.
' bizzare

You say, "Bizzare."

Gadfly says, "It wasn't long before that got corrected."

Gadfly snickers.
Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane to deliver a healing touch, but your request goes unanswered.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija

Pahzrael prays to Archai, delivering a strong touch of infusion to you.
You feel refreshed!

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.

Snaek says to Gadfly, "A lot of times we don't know to even think about that kind of stuff until someone thinks to try it out."
You are fully healed.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.
bow

You bow.

Visyn sheathes a crushed ruby-stamped smoky black argali horn gungdo in a hardened silk-lined deep scarlet leather bow case.
say vis so you can kill with that

You say to Visyn, "So you can kill with that."
Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.
stare vis

You stare at Visyn.

Visyn removes a finely crafted silver and cobalt scale scabbard.
Visyn puts on some etched wooden prayer beads.

Gadfly exclaims to Snaek, "We gotta exploit the system somehow! Its the only way to get ahead!"
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Snaek grins at Gadfly.

Visyn removes some etched wooden prayer beads.

Hock grins.

Visyn opens a rugged iron-buckled leather haversack.

Visyn puts some etched wooden prayer beads in a rugged iron-buckled leather haversack.

The last piece of some etched wooden prayer beads turns to ash.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, and a small pile of ashes.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads from a rugged iron-buckled leather haversack.

Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Snaek says to Pahzrael, "What happened to the smurf body? I was going to wyvern-eat it."
say vis can they  be put burning into a sac?

You ask Visyn, "Can they be put burning into a sac?"

Hock exclaims, "Oh!"

Pahzrael gets the body of Papa Smurf from a red and white-checkered flannel vest.

Visyn is done lighting some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.
Visyn puts on some etched wooden prayer beads.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Pahzrael exclaims to Snaek, "Mine!"

Hock fidgets.

Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.

Gadfly asks, "Is there an ETA when player levels will come out?"
Pray HealingTouch vis



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch vis



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Pahzrael says to Gadfly, "SOON(tm)."
Pray HealingTouch vis

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.
Visyn puts on some etched wooden prayer beads.



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch vis

Visyn is fully healed.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.

Gadfly exclaims, "That word!"

Snaek says, "Gadly currently May. The new combat system is expected to go in by June."
Pray HealingTouch vis


You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Pahzrael drops the body of Papa Smurf.
Pray HealingTouch vis

Snaek grunts.
Visyn is fully healed.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Hock asks, "I know this is probably already discussed.... But the website states Nydine have gills for breathing underwater. How come they cannot?"

Snaek scavenges the body of Papa Smurf.
say vis they fall out of a sac too?

You ask Visyn, "They fall out of a sac too?"
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, some etched wooden prayer beads, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Yndor says, "Good question."

Eabo says, "Mine almost drown."
glan bead

Eabo frowns.
You glance at some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn opens a nickel toolbox.

Visyn gets some etched wooden prayer beads.

Visyn puts some etched wooden prayer beads in a nickel toolbox.
glan

You glance.

Visyn closes a nickel toolbox.

Visyn drops some etched wooden prayer beads.
cac

You cackle.

Visyn nods to you.

Visyn opens a nickel toolbox.
nod

You nod.
Pray HealingTouch vis



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Bocon says, "I don't think a lot of racials are in yet."
Pray HealingTouch vis
Gadfly says, "When I first started playing Nydine were the only ones that started with max lvl swimming. Now everybody has it I think."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Visyn.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch vis

Visyn is fully healed.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Hock starts building a fire.

Snaek says, "The nydine gills were accidentally skinned. They will be back when we go live. It requires the current race be destroyed and reloaded."

Hock hums.
Bocon says, "I think Devalins are supposed to have a resistance to fire."
pon that

You ponder that.

Hock is done lighting a balsa wand.

Hock glances .

Pahzrael waves its hands around all Nydines.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Bocon says, "But we don't as far as I know."

Nydine's everywhere shake under the transforming power!
' if you give it to me, i die?

You ask, "If you give it to me, I die?"

Hock says to Yndor, "I am so sorry to hear that."

Snaek waves his hands around all Devalins.

Devalin's everywhere shake under the transforming power!
The last piece of some etched wooden prayer beads turns to ash.

Gadfly asks, "Oh did I read correctly somewhere that Argali have a horn racial attack now?"
Yndor sighs.


Visyn fails to get a fire started.

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

Snaek says to Bocon, "You do."

Visyn starts building a fire.
agree gad , smiling...

You nod your head up and down to Gadfly , smiling...

Snaek nods to Gadfly.
light 4.wan

land
You must land first.
light 4.wan



emo flitters her multicolored wings softly before folding them closed...
You start building a fire.
<HP: 157/157 ST: 121/128>
Xiija flitters her multicolored wings softly before folding them closed...

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.
furl gently.

You furl your wings gently.
Hock says, "Such as it is."

Bocon asks, "Do I?"
' 4

You say, "4."

Visyn starts building a fire.

Yndor asks, "All two of us?"

You are done lighting a balsa wand.
light 5.wan



You start building a fire.
Hock grins .

Gadfly departs from the world.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Gadfly has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             


Snaek says to Hock, "That's the trick."

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Ghaar has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Ghaar the Argali                                            


Visyn starts building a fire.
5

Huh?
' 5

You say, "5."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, and Guvar the Human 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


You are done lighting a balsa wand.
fly

emo fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...
You launch into the air with a powerful downward thrust of your wings.

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

Xiija fans her multicolored wings swiftly, hovering...

Bocon says to you, "Carve me a bunch of shields."

Visyn starts building a fire.
scoff

You scoff.

Yndor gets a balsa wand.
Yndor gets a balsa wand.(33)
<HP: 157/157 ST: 122/128>
Yndor gets a balsa wand.
Yndor gets a balsa wand.(53)

Yndor cackles.
say boc i dont do any trades but fishing

You say to Bocon, "I dont do any trades but fishing."

Visyn frowns at Yndor.

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

Yndor drops a balsa wand.

Visyn starts building a fire.

Yndor drops a balsa wand.
Yndor drops a balsa wand.(62)
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Yndor drops a balsa wand.
Yndor drops a balsa wand.(23)

Bocon says to you, "Useful."
snic

You snicker.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Ghaar has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             


Gadfly returns.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Gadfly has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Gadfly the Goblin                                           


Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

Visyn starts building a fire.
say vis arsonist

You say to Visyn, "Arsonist."
A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a decent burn to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a decent burn to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Bocon!
The explosion is a solid blast to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Yndor!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a decent burn to Austere!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Hock!
The explosion is a decent burn to Guvar!
The explosion is a sizzling blast (4) to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Gadfly!

Snaek asks, "What's the goal here?"

Snaek asks, "Blow up the convention center?"

Bocon nods.

Visyn is done lighting a balsa wand.

Hock chuckles.
' see if they blow each other eand up?

You ask, "See if they blow each other eand up?"

Pahzrael says, "Apparantly."
' *wand

You say, "*Wand."

Eabo nods sadly.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek vanishes as his skin quickly blends him into the background.

Visyn says, "Light all doesn't work."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, and Gadfly the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek appears against the background as his skin turns back to green.
cac

You cackle.

Snaek fidgets.

Bocon asks, "No?"
A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a decent burn to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a decent burn to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Bocon!
The explosion is a solid blast to Visyn!
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a decent burn to Yndor!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a decent burn to Austere!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a sizzling blast (5) to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Gadfly!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!

Hock ponders.
' and once one blows, the others go 

You say, "And once one blows, the others go."

Bocon says, "Damn."
' hm

You say, "Hm."

Hock says, "Cant bundle them either."

A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a decent burn to someone!
The explosion is a decent burn to Bocon!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Yndor!
The explosion is a decent burn to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Austere!
The explosion is a decent burn to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Gadfly!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!
snap

You snap your fingers.

Visyn says, "Oh...when you light it, it doesn't burn you."

Gadfly asks, "Is there any thoughts on having an in game event like a certain hunting ground gives extra loot/skill uses?"
' Bomb class!

You exclaim, "Bomb class!"
A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a decent burn to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a decent burn to Bocon!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Yndor!
The explosion is a decent burn to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Austere!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a mild burn (1) to you!
The explosion is a mild burn to Gadfly!
The explosion is a decent burn to Snaek!

Hock grins.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, some paisley-patterned long cotton couches, a moss-covered granite boulder, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a small pile of ashes, a balsa wand, (burning) a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, a balsa wand, and some other items.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, and Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a decent burn to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a decent burn to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a decent burn to someone!
The explosion is a decent burn to Bocon!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a decent burn to Yndor!
The explosion is a decent burn to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Austere!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a sizzling blast (2) to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Gadfly!
The explosion is a decent burn to Snaek!

Gadfly says, "Like an NPC in Pearl will give out tasks to go to random places and kill stuff which would yield higher loot/skill uses."

Bocon prays to Pyrous, delivering a light healing touch to Bocon.

A balsa wand explodes!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to an overweight spider-man!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to someone!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Bocon!
The explosion is a decent burn to Visyn!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Eabo!
The explosion is a decent burn to Yndor!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Pahzrael!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Austere!
The explosion is a decent burn to Hock!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Guvar!
The explosion is a sizzling blast (3) to you!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Gadfly!
The explosion is a sizzling blast to Snaek!

Bocon starts building a fire.
say gad wolfskin quest in 3 bridges

You say to Gadfly, "Wolfskin quest in 3 bridges."

Hock nods his head up and down.

Bocon is done lighting a balsa wand.

Visyn ponders.

Austere nods to you.

Pahzrael says, "Time to cleanup in here."

Hock says, "Them wolves are tough."
Gadfly asks you, "Is that soloable?"

Hock grunts.

Bocon says, "Would honestly be cool to have tradeskill quests."
shru gad

You shrug at Gadfly.

Austere :wasn't going to say it.

Hock gets a balsa wand.

Snaek says to Gadfly, "Definitely for rewards. Not really possible for skill uses except to advance the level completely."

Bocon says, "Like the armorsmith wants X bronze."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 126/128>
Hock grins.

Bocon says, "Or wants X of something from blacksmithing."

Snaek nods to Bocon.



The holy shield surrounding you fades.
wav her hands around the room!\n the wands all go into Eabo's backpack!

You wave her hands around the room!
 the wands all go into Eabo's backpack!
glan eab

You glance at Eabo.

Austere asks Hock, "Feral ones?"

Eabo gets a balsa box from a medium gray cotton courier bag.
Bocon says, "I don't like that most my stuff is vendor food."

Eabo taps a balsa box and grins at xii.

Hock says to Austere, "They just swarm."

Hock grins.
cac

You cackle.

Austere asks Bocon, "Hoarding?"

Eabo puts a balsa box in a medium gray cotton courier bag.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Hock says to Austere, "And I'm not skilled enough for them yet."

Gadfly says to Snaek, "The 1 skill use per is so unmotivational."

Austere says to Hock, "Those are not linked to the quest wolves."

Austere glances around.

Hock raises an eyebrow.

Hock asks, "No?"
say snae can we get some meep invasions?

Snaek says, "We've been going around to each hunting ground to prepare them for exactly this type of thing. Rare drops that you can take elsewhere to turn into something of value."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You ask Snaek, "Can we get some meep invasions?"

Hock says, "Hmmm."

Pahzrael takes a drink from an ice cold beer.

Hock chuckles at you.
glan around for a meep

You glance around for a meep.

Bocon says, "Getting rare items to give to peddlers to make unique items would also be ideal."

Hock says, "I loved the meep that would take your novice tag away."

Hock chuckles.
chu hoc

You chuckle at Hock.

Snaek says to Gadfly, "We will be doing some bonus XP weekends I think. It's certainly doable."

Bocon asks Austere, "Have you seen my bank?"

Bocon snickers.

Gadfly exclaims to Snaek, "That would be amazing!"
' is there a player item limit?

You ask, "Is there a player item limit?"

Bocon says, "Ooooh, bonus use weekends."

Snaek says, "Seems the way to go."

Bocon says, "Didn't I post something about that."
nod sna

You nod to Snaek.

Snaek says, "Someone suggested it. Most console games do this."

Gadfly says, "That would definately promote more logins during peak time."

Gadfly exclaims, "World of Tanks does it!"

Gadfly says, "Sometimes its x2 x3 or even up to x5."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Yndor the Nydine (seated), Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Hock the Goblin, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Snaek nods to Gadfly.

Snaek says, "And it definitely works."
' hard to code?

You ask, "Hard to code?"

Snaek says, "Not so much."
' bonus drops mebbe?

You ask, "Bonus drops mebbe?"

Bocon says, "Most games do it."

Gadfly asks, "Is it possible to have a quest turn in to give uses?"

Gadfly asks, "Like the skinning quest at the academy give uses for skinning?"

Bocon says, "That would honestly be awesome for tradeskill quests."
say gad it does.. when you skin the squirrels

You say to Gadfly, "It does.. when you skin the squirrels."
cac

You cackle.

Gadfly snickers.

Snaek says to Bocon, "I think it's possible."

Snaek says, "Not as uses but as a level."

Snaek says, "Certainly useful at lower levels if you wanted to gather a few things for an academy smith in exchange for a level."

Bocon nods.

Hock says, "Alright. My turn to head to out."
wav hoc

You wave to Hock.

Hock says, "Thank you all for this CWC."
say hoc see me if ya want a tour

You say to Hock, "See me if ya want a tour."
Hock grins.

Snaek says, "Thanks for coming. Always enjoy it. I should split as well."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
Eabo waves to Hock and smile.

Hock says to you, "Definitely. Tomorrow."

Hock winks.
wav snae

You wave to Snaek.

Hock waves.

Snaek says to you, "Make sure you can't find the rest of Ban'ghard."

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Pyratherndar has logged on.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Gadfly the Goblin                                           
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    

Hock leaves south.

Bocon asks, "One more then, can dying not add uses to trades?"

Guvar exclaims, "Thanks for hostin!"
' thanks for the coffee!.. and all the hard work

You say, "Thanks for the coffee!.. and all the hard work."

Austere says, "That had to have been all our questions for the players and knowledgeable staff."
chu boc

You chuckle at Bocon.

Snaek says to Bocon, "I'll look into it. Good idea."

Bocon says, "It's honestly the most horrible thing ever."

Hock arrives from the south.

Austere asks Snaek, "Do you have anymore questions?"

Hock says, "Oh yeah. Vote before you go to bed."

Bocon nods.

Austere says, "Great CWP, thank you."

Hock grins.
cac snae

You cackle at Snaek.

Hock leaves south.

Gadfly exclaims, "Good seeing everybody!"

Snaek says to Gadfly, "Great seeing the legend that is Gadfly McQuick."

Pyratherndar arrives from the west.

Gadfly cackles at Snaek.

Pyratherndar blinks.

Yndor stands up.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin (kneeling), Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Austere the Beholder, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, and Pyratherndar the Vukasin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Gadfly exclaims to Snaek, "Skulz rulz!"
chu

You chuckle.

Snaek grins.
snic
You snicker.

Eabo stands up.
diag

Xiija's group:

Xiija is in perfect health and is fully rested.

foll aus

You follow Austere.

Snaek says to Austere, "We need to add goblin roadblocks to the mugger script."

Bocon says, "Yeah, it was a really informative one this time."
Gadfly laughs.

Austere floats away.
A blinding burst of light flashes throughout the area and the air pressure suddenly drops.  As the light fades, Austere the Beholder is floating before you.
foll pah

You don't see them here.
Austere glances at you and waves.
foll aus

You are already a member of Austere's group.
cac

Austere floats away.
You cackle.
A blinding burst of light flashes throughout the area and the air pressure suddenly drops.  As the light fades, Austere the Beholder is floating before you.

Eabo says, "Thanks everyone."

Eabo waves.
Austere says to you, "That was close."

Snaek salutes.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Austere removes Xiija from its group.
snic

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You snicker.

Bocon salutes.

Gadfly salutes.
foll sna

You follow Snaek.

Gadfly says, "Later on."

An overweight spider-man waves.



[Arena Stands.]

This portion of the stands allows fallen gladiators to watch the remaining action of each match alongside spectators as if they were actually there.  You notice a large box of Fix-A-Flatline, a large crate of superhero armor, and an enormous bucket of weapons.

Obvious Exits: north. 

Pahzrael thrusts a frabjous manxome vorpal blade at you.
The attack is a critical puncture (2258).
n



[Draft War Room.]

A giant, white dry-erase board containing several lists of names in a variety of colors covers the wall.  A long, grey table at the center of the room is littered with clipboards, scouting reports, and stat sheets.  You notice a pitch black rabbit's hole.

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 

n



[Arena Entrance.]

Humans dressed as gladiators enter the arena from the convention center.  An upset Master Chief carefully consoles a broken battle rifle while stating there isn't another in the world to replace it.  You notice a gladiator arena exit.

Obvious Exits: south. 

n

You can't go that way.
w



[OOC Convention Center.]

Cloth-covered tables form a solid border around the perimeter of the massive lobby.  Pale humans of all sizes wander aimlessly from table to table, collecting autographs and posing for awkward pictures.  At the rear of the convention center, a towering arena rises above the booths occupied by has-beens and washed up celebrities.  You notice a gladiator arena entrance.

Obvious Exits: west. 

w



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Eabo the Goblin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Gadfly the Goblin, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Eabo smiles at Pyratherndar.
' 2258

You say, "2258."
flai

You flail your arms.

Pyratherndar smiles.
Pray HealingTouch xiija
Eabo leaves west.
<HP: 12/157 ST: 128/128>


You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija

Pahzrael cackles.
murm

You murmur.



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch xiija

Gadfly departs from the world.
who
[ARRIVALS] 'Gadfly has logged out.'


You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Hock the Goblin                                             
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Pahzrael prays to Archai, delivering a strong touch of infusion to you.
You feel refreshed!
cur that sword

You curse that sword.
neam

Huh?

Snaek asks, "That didn't kill her?"
' still flyin when ded

You say, "Still flyin when ded."
cac

You cackle.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


who
[ARRIVALS] 'Hock has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Visyn the Devalin                                           
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Pahzrael says, "Oh it did."
grunt pah

You grunt at Pahzrael.
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]


Bocon laughs.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Wisps of smoke surrounding Pyratherndar fail to take shape.
' i don wanna follow you all anymore

You say, "I don wanna follow you all anymore."

Pyratherndar summons a molten ball of lava, hardening into a protective wall around herself.
Pyratherndar looks protected!

Snaek chuckles.
disag

You shake your head from side to side.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Visyn the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek squints at you.
bat

You bat your eyes.

Visyn says, "Have a good night. Thanks for all the info."

Pyratherndar says, "How re you dead."
get mirr sat

You get an antique silver hand-mirror from a grimy worn leather satchel.
give mirr sna

You give an antique silver hand-mirror to Snaek.

Snaek waves to Visyn.

Pahzrael says to Pyratherndar, "Its a mystery."

Snaek gazes at an antique silver hand-mirror.
murm snae in Sylvan
whisper snae silver tattooing needle?

You murmur to Snaek in Sylvan.
You whisper to Snaek, "Silver tattooing needle?".

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Visyn has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Snaek the Chameleon (Creator)                               
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Snaek waves his hands around an antique silver hand-mirror.
how snae

You howl at Snaek.

Bocon laughs.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

inv
Inventory:


Currency: 178 doubloons

Carrying: 234 items (52.0 | 81.0) lbs.


Snaek squints at an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
hum

You hum.

Snaek drops an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.

Snaek catalogs an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.

Bocon gets an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.

Bocon laughs.

Snaek nods to Bocon.
lai boc

Huh?
' the sword

You say, "The sword."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Austere the Beholder 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

flai pah

You flail your arms at Pahzrael.

Bocon says, "Time to give Xiija that Pyrous tat she always wanted."
poi noc

You point noc.
shri boc

You shriek at Bocon.
Snaek chortles.

Pyratherndar grins.

Bocon drops an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
get nee

You get an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
hug nee

You hug an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.

Pahzrael gets a bone dagger from a red and white-checkered flannel vest.
' who wants a tattoo?

You ask, "Who wants a tattoo?"
cac

You cackle.


Pahzrael gives a bone dagger to you.

Bocon says, "A tattoo needle would be good for blacksmithing tho."
grunt pah

You grunt at Pahzrael.

Snaek nods to Bocon.
nod boc

You nod to Bocon.

Pyratherndar says, "I do."
l pyr

Pyratherndar looks like a stout 26 year old female Vukasin.
She has light gray eyes and very long, wavy, honey brown fur.
She is 7 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 271 pounds.
She has an aura of Pyrous.
Pyratherndar is in perfect health.

She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.

She is wearing:

Ears            : a hardened leather earcuff
Neck            : a troll bone necklace
Neck            : a ruby-studded silver choker
Back            : a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack
Body            : a medium stretched hide haversack
Body            : a dapper black broadcloth cloak
Torso           : a phoenix-engraved steel cuirass
Left wrist      : a smooth poplar bracelet
Right wrist     : a smooth poplar bracelet
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Waist           : a patched leather pelt sack
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge
Wield           : a short ebony-handled steel dirk
Held            : a small osage shield


Bocon says to Snaek, "You guys didnt stealth add anything past 20 right."

Snaek says, "I had to remake blacksmithing from the ground up."
nod pyr

You nod to Pyratherndar.

Pyratherndar says, "I already know what I want."

The air above Pahzrael begins to ripple.
Suddenly, an evil mouse slowly fades into existence.

Pahzrael ducks.

Bocon raises his arms toward the sky and prays to Pyrous to strike down an evil mouse!
An evil mouse resists the attack.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Austere the Beholder, and an evil mouse 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
The wall of Fire surrounding Pyratherndar dissipates.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Bocon.
The attack is a critical puncture.

Snaek says, "Bocon no not yet. We redid wood and bone carving. Blacksmithing is next."
cac

You cackle.

Pyratherndar compresses a smoldering ball of flames in the palm of her hands.  Pyratherndar throws the ball of fire at an evil mouse!
An evil mouse resists the attack.

The ball of fire does no damage.

An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pyratherndar.
The attack is a critical puncture.

Pahzrael shakes its head from side to side.

Pahzrael exclaims, "Evil!"
' bad mouse

You say, "Bad mouse."
Snaek asks, "Did you kill Bocon?"
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, and an evil mouse 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

cac

You cackle.

Pahzrael points at an evil mouse.
pet mouse

You are too far away.
emo pets the mouse

Xiija pets the mouse.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, and an evil mouse 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek crawls east.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, and an evil mouse 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

wear need

You remove a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield.
You hold an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
[Delay: 3.0 sec.]


Pahzrael asks you, "Not going to attack it?"
disagree pah

You shake your head from side to side to Pahzrael.
cac

You cackle.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, and an evil mouse 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Snaek crawls in from the east.
Pyratherndar arrives from the east.
Bocon arrives from the east.

Bocon stops following Snaek.
snic

You snicker.

Snaek removes Pyratherndar from his group.

Pray HealingTouch pyr



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr

Bocon says, "I should hanve ganked those armors and weapons."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr

Pyratherndar says, "Ill never hit a mouse again."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr
cac

You cackle.



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr

Pyratherndar says, "Ya I thought of it."

Austere says, "You're all unhinged."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr

Bocon says, "672, Weak."



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr



You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Pyratherndar.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

Pray HealingTouch pyr

Pyratherndar is fully healed.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

pray rejuvenation pyr
Pyratherndar is fully rested.
[Delay: 3.0 sec.]


Pahzrael asks Bocon, "Can I take a swing at you?"
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, an evil mouse, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Empyrion Bocon the Devalin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar thanks you.

Pahzrael cackles.

Snaek says, "Well that's it for me."
wav snae

You wave to Snaek.

Snaek says, "Thanks again for all the great questions and feedback."

Sparks of light surge with energy between Snaek's hands as luminous wings unfurl across his back.
Snaek launches into the air with a crackling downward thrust of his elemental wings.
post the

Huh?

Snaek waves.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, an evil mouse, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon (flying), Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Empyrion Bocon the Devalin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar says, "May I hug you."

Pahzrael waves.
'post the

You say, "Post the."

Snaek revokes Elemental Wings from Snaek
<HP: 157/157 ST: 122/128>
Snaek's elemental wings explode in a shower of sparks.
glan

You glance.

Snaek hugs Pyratherndar.

Pyratherndar hugs Snaek.
pray wings

Huh?

Pyratherndar says, "Thanks."

Guvar asks, "Umm. There any way to gain weight IG?"
' reduxa

You say, "Reduxa."

Snaek ponders.

Austere says to Pyratherndar, "Glad you made it, I hope you left with more answers than questions."

Austere says, "Leave*."

Guvar says to you, "Thankya."

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Yeah."
cac

You cackle.

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "If you can handle it."

Bocon flexes.

Snaek says to Guvar, "Not currently. We disabled the hunger system."
Pyratherndar says, "Oh hun this is my thrid time here."

Guvar says, "Oh."

Pahzrael squints at Bocon.

Guvar nods.

Pyratherndar says, "Thankfully."
pray inflict boc



You inflict an festering plague at Bocon.
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]

snap

You snap your fingers.



The holy shield surrounding you fades.
pray holyshield



You pray to Aerthane, creating a protective shield around yourself.
You look protected!
[Delay: 5.0 sec.]

Austere says to Guvar, "You may assist with a request for a weight change and the amount to change it to."

Bocon shakes.

Pahzrael removes a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.

Pahzrael bites at Bocon.
The attack is a solid strike.

Bocon prays to Pyrous, delivering a light healing touch to Bocon.
glan

You glance.

Guvar exclaims to Austere, "Thankya!"

Snaek says, "Within reason."
' still alive

You say, "Still alive."

Pyratherndar says, "Oh."
scoff pah

You scoff at Pahzrael.

Snaek draws a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver from a worn leather gun holster.

Guvar nods.

Austere's wounds begin to bleed.
Snaek fires a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver at Austere.
The attack is a critical shot.

Pyratherndar says, "'Ill volunteer for that."

Bocon laughs.

Snaek sheathes a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver in a worn leather gun holster.
cac

You cackle.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, an evil mouse, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, and Empyrion Bocon the Devalin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael wields a frabjous manxome vorpal blade.

Pahzrael thrusts a frabjous manxome vorpal blade at Bocon.
The attack is a critical puncture.

Pahzrael nods.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, an evil mouse, Wired-in Snaek the Chameleon, and Pyratherndar the Vukasin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

snic

You snicker.

Pahzrael thrusts a frabjous manxome vorpal blade at an evil mouse.
The attack is a critical puncture.
Pahzrael's wounds begin to bleed.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pahzrael.
The attack is a critical puncture.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pahzrael.
The attack is a critical puncture.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pahzrael.
The attack is a critical puncture.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pahzrael.
The attack is a critical puncture.
Pahzrael is no longer bleeding.
An evil mouse thrusts a test dagger at Pahzrael.
The attack is a critical puncture.

Snaek flails his arms.

Pyratherndar says, "I'm a nule any."

Austere asks Snaek, "But how many shots do you have left, East Clintwood?"
nod pyr

You nod to Pyratherndar.

Snaek ponders.

Snaek draws a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver from a worn leather gun holster.
snic

You snicker.

Snaek eyes Austere.

Snaek fires a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver at Austere.
The attack is a critical shot.
say aus is that his porno name?

You ask Austere, "Is that his porno name?"

Snaek says to Austere, "At least one more."

Pyratherndar laughs.

Pyratherndar laughs.
duc

You duck.

Pyratherndar laughs.

Pahzrael galumphs in from the east.
Bocon arrives from the east.

Bocon stops following Pahzrael.
cac boc

You cackle at Bocon.

Pyratherndar laughs.

Bocon says, "For the record, that mouse hit 2x as hard almost exactly."

Pahzrael exclaims to an evil mouse, "Evil!"
say boc 2358?

You ask Bocon, "2358?"

Snaek sheathes a Smith & Wesson .38 Special revolver in a worn leather gun holster.

Bocon says, "Nah, he barely killed me."

Snaek draws a blue tron disc from a circular disc slot.
grunt

You grunt.
A digitalized lightcycle begins to form around Snaek.
Snaek boards a blue wall-emitting lightcycle.

Snaek salutes.

Snaek rides a blue wall-emitting lightcycle west.

Bocon waves.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Austere the Beholder, an evil mouse, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, and Empyrion Bocon the Devalin 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar waves.
say pyr so, what tattoo ya want?

You ask Pyratherndar, "So, what tattoo ya want?"
squin pyr with her white eye ...

You squint at Pyratherndar with her white eye ...

Pyratherndar says, "Phoenix."
nod

You nod.
' how do you want it worded?

You ask, "How do you want it worded?"
l pyr

Pyratherndar looks like a stout 26 year old female Vukasin.
She has light gray eyes and very long, wavy, honey brown fur.
She is 7 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 271 pounds.
She has an aura of Pyrous.
Pyratherndar is in perfect health.

She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.

She is wearing:

Ears            : a hardened leather earcuff
Neck            : a troll bone necklace
Neck            : a ruby-studded silver choker
Back            : a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack
Body            : a medium stretched hide haversack
Body            : a dapper black broadcloth cloak
Torso           : a phoenix-engraved steel cuirass
Left wrist      : a smooth poplar bracelet
Right wrist     : a smooth poplar bracelet
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Waist           : a patched leather pelt sack
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge
Wield           : a short ebony-handled steel dirk
Held            : a small osage shield


Bocon says, ""A phoenix""

Bocon snickers.

Pyratherndar says, "Lotta colors, bright viberant colors."

Pyratherndar says, "Or."

Pyratherndar says, "A firery phoenix'."

Bocon says, "Also, good lookin out whoever let my house plans work out."

Pyratherndar says, "Only spelled correctly'."

Austere wields a red tron disc.

A digitalized lightcycle begins to form around Austere.
Austere boards a red wall-emitting lightcycle.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, and a red wall-emitting lightcycle.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, an evil mouse, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, and Austere the Beholder riding in a red wall-emitting lightcycle 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon laughs.

Austere glances at an academy-issue canvas backpack.

The air above Pahzrael begins to ripple.
Suddenly, a large antelope jackrabbit slowly fades into existence.
grin

You grin.

Pahzrael waves its arms...
An evil mouse vanishes in a puff of smoke.

Bocon exclaims to a large antelope jackrabbit, "Hey! Gonna see you later!"

Bocon winks.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine, and a red wall-emitting lightcycle.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, Austere the Beholder riding in a red wall-emitting lightcycle, and a large antelope jackrabbit 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Austere glances back before riding off into the prop set.
glan light

You glance at a red wall-emitting lightcycle.

Austere rides a red wall-emitting lightcycle west.
say pyr on your....

You say to Pyratherndar, "On your...."
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Yndor the Nydine, Guvar the Human, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, and a large antelope jackrabbit 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon says, "Face."

Bocon says, "FACE."

Pyratherndar says, "Entire lower leg from knee down."
nod pyr

You nod to Pyratherndar.

Pyratherndar says, "And I will bleed red'."

Bocon says, "Pyrous goes hardcore."

Pahzrael says, "Eyelids."

Pyratherndar says, "So I am fire thru and thru."

Bocon exclaims, "Yeah!"

Bocon says, "Can I get a gold grill with garnets in the shape of a phoenix."

Yndor leaves south.
cac

You cackle.
pok need into Pyratherdars leg

You poke an ink-stained silver tattoo needle into Pyratherdars leg.
grit

You grit your teeth.
whisp pyr copy and paste this in the chat window

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Copy and paste this in the chat window.".
whisp pyr desc She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.\nVisible Tattoos:\n\nA fiery phoenix in red and black ink covers her entire left leg from the knee down,

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Desc She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.
Visible Tattoos:

A fiery phoenix in red and black ink covers her entire left leg from the knee down,.".
grunt

You grunt.



The holy shield surrounding you fades.
whisp pyr will send it by skype

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Will send it by skype.".
l pyr

Pyratherndar looks like a stout 26 year old female Vukasin.
She has light gray eyes and very long, wavy, honey brown fur.
She is 7 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 271 pounds.
She has an aura of Pyrous.
Pyratherndar is in perfect health.

She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.

She is wearing:

Ears            : a hardened leather earcuff
Neck            : a troll bone necklace
Neck            : a ruby-studded silver choker
Back            : a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack
Body            : a medium stretched hide haversack
Body            : a dapper black broadcloth cloak
Torso           : a phoenix-engraved steel cuirass
Left wrist      : a smooth poplar bracelet
Right wrist     : a smooth poplar bracelet
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Waist           : a patched leather pelt sack
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge
Wield           : a short ebony-handled steel dirk
Held            : a small osage shield


An evil mouse appears!

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Snaek has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Yndor the Nydine                                            
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    

whisp pyr sent?

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Sent?".
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Guvar the Human, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

grip need

You grip an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
emo concentrates

Xiija concentrates.
l pyr

Pyratherndar looks like a stout 26 year old female Vukasin.
She has light gray eyes and very long, wavy, honey brown fur.
She is 7 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 271 pounds.
She has an aura of Pyrous.
Pyratherndar is in perfect health.

She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.

She is wearing:

Ears            : a hardened leather earcuff
Neck            : a troll bone necklace
Neck            : a ruby-studded silver choker
Back            : a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack
Body            : a medium stretched hide haversack
Body            : a dapper black broadcloth cloak
Torso           : a phoenix-engraved steel cuirass
Left wrist      : a smooth poplar bracelet
Right wrist     : a smooth poplar bracelet
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Waist           : a patched leather pelt sack
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge
Wield           : a short ebony-handled steel dirk
Held            : a small osage shield

whisp pyr yuo there?

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Yuo there?".

Bocon says, "That needle was not sterilized before this by the way."
' shh

You say, "Shh."
cac

Bocon says, "Good luck."
<HP: 157/157 ST: 128/128>
You cackle.
' she can fire blast herself

You say, "She can fire blast herself."
grunt

You grunt.
Pyratherndar whispers to you, "Yes sweetheart.".
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Guvar the Human, Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

whisp pyr didja get the skype?

You whisper to Pyratherndar, "Didja get the skype?".

Bocon says, "I read that wrong at first."

Guvar blinks.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Yndor has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Guvar the Human                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Pyratherndar whispers to you, "How it look.".
l pyr

Pyratherndar looks like a stout 26 year old female Vukasin.
She has light gray eyes and very long, wavy, honey brown fur.
She is 7 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 271 pounds.
She has an aura of Pyrous.
Pyratherndar is in perfect health.

She has fresh scars that resemble three claw marks on each arm.
Visible Tattoos:

A fiery phoenix in red and black ink covers her entire left leg from the knee down,

She is wearing:

Ears            : a hardened leather earcuff
Neck            : a troll bone necklace
Neck            : a ruby-studded silver choker
Back            : a purple leather-fringed canvas backpack
Body            : a medium stretched hide haversack
Body            : a dapper black broadcloth cloak
Torso           : a phoenix-engraved steel cuirass
Left wrist      : a smooth poplar bracelet
Right wrist     : a smooth poplar bracelet
Hands           : some fingerless black cotton gloves
Waist           : a leather weapon harness
Waist           : a patched leather pelt sack
Legs            : some dark grey wool trousers
Feet            : some dull black leather boots
Floating nearby : a registered badge
Wield           : a short ebony-handled steel dirk
Held            : a small osage shield

' done!

You exclaim, "Done!"
gest pyr

You gesture at Pyratherndar.
' nice tatt

You say, "Nice tatt."

Pyratherndar says, "Thanks."

Guvar waves.

Guvar leaves south.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


who
[ARRIVALS] 'Guvar has logged out.'
   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    


Pyratherndar looks at her new tattoo, loving the art.

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you, its wonderful."

Bocon says, "Nice."
beam

You beam.

Pyratherndar says, "Ill be your bilboard."
foll pah

You follow Pahzrael.
leave

You stop following Pahzrael.
cac pyr

You cackle at Pyratherndar.

Pyratherndar cackles.
' let me know if ya want more

You say, "Let me know if ya want more."
' 200 D each

You say, "200 D each."
smir

You smirk.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock, Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael launches into the air with a powerful downward thrust of its wings.

Pyratherndar says, "You got it."

Bocon says, "1 D."
grunt boc

You grunt at Bocon.

Bocon snickers.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying), Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pyratherndar says to Bocon, "Your rotten."

Bocon says, "Thanks."
who

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Pahzrael the Jabberwock (Designer)                          
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    

Pahzrael prays to Archai, delivering a strong touch of infusion to itself.

Pyratherndar says, "But your a great juy."

Bocon says, "That's the sailor in me."
hum pah

You hum at Pahzrael.
rem nee

You remove an ink-stained silver tattoo needle.
[Delay: 3.0 sec.]

get dem sat

You get a small raven black seven demon silk bag from a grimy worn leather satchel.
put nee dem

You put an ink-stained silver tattoo needle in a small raven black seven demon silk bag.
put dem sat

You put a small raven black seven demon silk bag in a grimy worn leather satchel.
wear shi

You hold a tiki-carved parrot-feathered scorched teak tribal shield.
[Delay: 3.0 sec.]

l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying), Empyrion Bocon the Devalin, a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Bocon says, "Okay, time to go PT."
nod

You nod.

Pahzrael says, "You kids have fun. got new areas to work on."
wav pah

You wave to Pahzrael.

Bocon says to Pahzrael, "Good luck on my house."

Bocon snickers.
say pah yell if ya need help

You say to Pahzrael, "Yell if ya need help."

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you."
cac

You cackle.

Pyratherndar says to Pahzrael, "I'm pyra by the way."

Bocon waves.

Pyratherndar bows to Pahzrael.
Bocon leaves west.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pyratherndar the Vukasin, Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying), a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael says, "Niceta meetcha."

Pyratherndar says, "Nice to meet you too."

Pyratherndar says, "Thank you."
' okay, off to check stuff

You say, "Okay, off to check stuff."
flai

You flail your arms.
wav

You wave.

Pyratherndar leaves west.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying), a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, and an overweight spider-man 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 


Pahzrael asks you, "What, not tryin ta hitcha ride?"
cac

You cackle.
' well

You say, "Well."
glan for the sword

You glance for the sword.
fidg

You fidget.
foll pah

You follow Pahzrael.
rai

You raise an eyebrow.

The Jabberwock chortles as it gyres and galumphs uffishily off towards the wabe.
The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame, comes whiffling through the tulgey wood, burbling as it comes!

Pahzrael can't breathe!
You can't breathe!
l



[Stirling Forest, Underground Cave.]

The water here is dark and full of sediment, making it difficult to discern any details of the surroundings.  Visibility is aided only by the occasional purple glowing crystals sparsely embedded in the walls.  A few blind cave fish with gruesome looking teeth dart past the glowing formations, casting eerie shadows all around.

Also here: Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying) 

Obvious Exits: northwest. 

cac

You cackle.
Pahzrael cackles.
Pahzrael can't breathe!
You can't breathe!

Pahzrael can't breathe!
You can't breathe!
' no fair

You say, "No fair."

Pahzrael can't breathe!
You can't breathe!

The Jabberwock chortles as it gyres and galumphs uffishily off towards the wabe.
Pray HealingTouch xiija
The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame, comes whiffling through the tulgey wood, burbling as it comes!
<HP: 139/157 ST: 128/128>


You pray to Aerthane, delivering a light healing touch to Xiija.
You feel healthier!
[Delay: 4.0 sec.]


Pahzrael cackles.
cac

You cackle.
l



[OOC Convention Center, Lobby.]

Patrons of the convention dressed in costumes of their favorite superheroes and villains take a moment to pose for pictures.  A woman revealing a lot of skin along with another in a suit of latex seem to be drawing the most attention from photographers.  A gaggle of stormtroopers gather in the corner, feeling neglected.  Beverages of all kinds are for sale from dozens of vendors.  Each vendor has set up a small booth with a small sign displaying their outrageous prices, but none of the available drinks are cold.  You notice a chrome serving tray, an oblong tin trough, and a chrome-tubed high tech espresso machine.

Also here: a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man made of giant eel skin, an overweight spider-man, and Pahzrael the Jabberwock (flying) 

Obvious Exits: west, east, south, and north. 

snic

You snicker.
leave

You stop following Pahzrael.

Pahzrael says, "Be careful where you follow."
shiv the water off

You shiver the water off.
nod  thoughtfully

You nod thoughtfully.
wink

You wink.
' see ya!

You exclaim, "See ya!"
how pah

You howl at Pahzrael.

Pahzrael exclaims, "Off to Pyrous!"
cac

You cackle.
Pahzrael waves.
w



[OOC Convention Center, Pearl Corridor.]

A row of glass doors forces attendees to bottleneck into a single queue line.  Velvet ropes act as borders herding the masses of spectators and convention-goers alike.  A bald man wearing a plain black shirt and armed with a ticket scanner groans with each new arrival.  You notice an open glass door.

Also here: a bald man wearing a plain black shirt, and a short vukasin dressed as Alf the alien 

Obvious Exits: east. 

w



[Side Street.]

An oddly-shaped building sits off to the side of the road, away from any other buildings.  At the front is a row of glass doors that have all been propped open.  There are no seams or other flaws to the building's outer shell.  You notice an open glass door, and a bright yellow OOC sign.

Obvious Exits: west.  

A bald man wearing a plain black shirt retrieves your badge as you leave.
w



[Covington Lane.]

The bustling sounds of Bayesian Court can be heard beyond an inner wall to the west.  Sturdy oaks limit the view on either side of the road, from the wall to the back of the city's stone mausoleum on the eastern side.  It serves as the final resting place for the kings and queens of old.  Access to the regal crypt is granted at the opposite side along the city wall, as there is no entrance here.  Further up the road to the north, a tall gate stands at the edge of the palace grounds.

Also here: a white-robed constable 

Obvious Exits: east, south, and north. 


A white-robed constable pauses and glances at you.

A white-robed constable scratches the back of his head.
murm

You murmur.

A white-robed constable shrugs his shoulders.
pray divine Pearl Road, Cemetery Entrance



You pray to Aerthane for a divine pathway to a distant location.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
A blinding, divine pathway appears here.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

go pat



[Pearl Road, Cemetery Entrance.]

The northern road bends slightly to the southwest as it continues toward a large white-walled city.  At the bend in the road, an arched gateway and iron fence surround a small graveyard.  The majority of the plots are marked with wooden stakes, some tied and others nailed, along with hanging mementos.  Written in detailed blacksmith craftsmanship are the words, "Commoner Cemetery," as if those survived by the occupants needed reminding.  You notice a twisted iron cemetery gate.

Obvious Exits: southwest, there, and north. 

n



[Pearl Road.]

Having already worn the path down lower over time, ruts in the road continue to worsen with every downpour.  Abandoned wagon wheels, many with broken spokes, lie discarded in the grass.  White walls rise up from the southern sea of grass.  The faint scent of saltwater occasionally drifts in from the south.

Obvious Exits: south, and north. 

n



[Pearl Road.]

The road north widens, connecting with a circular intersection; a tall signpost stands at its center.  Travelers linger near the northern intersection, waiting for others to arrive.  The southern slope leads to a large city surrounded by a long, white wall.

Obvious Exits: south, and north. 

n



[Crows' Crossing.]
nw Teth

The road from the south ends as it reaches the highest crest in the hillside, many landmarks in the surrounding countryside are visible.  Thick woodlands stand far to the northeast, like a great, unwavering wall beyond the flatland.  Thin plumes of smoke trail up from chimneys in the distance to the south, while a hill sits high to the north with a road winding up to the top.  Far off to the east rise the snowcapped peaks of a majestic mountain range.  You notice a wooden directional signpost.

Obvious Exits: northwest, northeast, and south. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

The road widens to the east as it ends at the intersection.  Travelers make their way toward an immensely large city to the south at all hours of the day from all over the island, passing through the eastern crossing.  Peddlers lurk about the outer fringes of the crossroads, hoping for an early chance at swindling a newcomer, or a last opportunity to profit from those leaving.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road.]

The walls of a large city to the south run parallel to the widened dirt road running through the valley.  A signpost a ways to the east stands watch over intersecting roads.  Fields of grass extend across the low lying plains toward thick, darkened forests in the west.

Obvious Exits: northwest, and east. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

A pile of flat stones arranged into a small pyramid sits off to the side of the road.  The stone formation has been painted white to stand out to travelers looking to gauge how much farther their journey will be.  To the northwest, a dense forest consumes the road at the edge of the valley plains.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

Crumbled columns on either side of a narrow path lead to an abandoned manor atop a small incline in the valley.  The entrance has been overtaken by nature with foliage covering nearly all of the remaining stonework.  Distant howling and groaning can be heard periodically throughout the day coming from the manor.  You notice a narrow path.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and southeast. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

The sloping landscape to the south provides a hint of a view over the walls surrounding a large city.  The tip of a large sandstone pyramid can be seen near the city's edge.  The road is worn smooth from heavy travel and runs level toward the tree line to the northwest.

Obvious Exits: northeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road.]

A small thicket of shrubs along the northern end of the road partially obstructs the view of the valley.  The city wall to the south comes to a corner, reinforced by a stone watchtower extending high above.  A pile of stones have been carefully arranged and painted white.

Obvious Exits: northwest, and east. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

A patch of wildflowers grows through the spokes of a discarded wagon wheel, its outer frame protecting the colorful plant life from being overtaken by the surrounding dull hues of grassy plains.  A dense tree line to the northwest is too dark to see beyond the valley's edge.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

The view to the southwest slopes downward along a stone wall of a large city.  A small road to the west splits off in the same direction, dividing the lands between city walls and the darkened forest to the northwest.  A cluster of trees, separated from the rest of the forest, lies ahead to the north, consisting of a more vibrant mixture of color.  You notice a closed bronze-gated vine-wrapped cherrywood archway.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road.]

A weathered shack surrounded by prickly dead shrubs creaks with each passing breeze, its door tapping lightly on a rotting frame.  A slashed leather pouch lies half-buried next to the decrepit structure.  The peaks of a distant mountain range can barely be seen above the forest to the northwest.

Obvious Exits: west, and east. 

w



[Thalassa Road, Intersection.]

A stretch of land between a long city wall and the outer edges of a thick forest mostly consists of seas of pale grass sloping south toward the ocean.  The occasional homesteads to either side of the connecting road are primarily farms and cottages, taking advantage of the fertile soils.

Obvious Exits: southwest, northwest, and east. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

The valley extends from the western forests to the eastern mountainous region.  A port city looms on the southern horizon, while a hill rises up from the valley floor to the northeast.  The well-traveled dirt road runs relatively east to west across the continent.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

A large, dense forest dominates the western horizon as the road passes alongside a smaller wooded area to the north.  Several homes to the south can be seen trough a scattered grouping of redwoods and maple trees.  To the immediate northwest, a dense copse of trees and vibrant flowers come together to form a natural structure.  The tracks in the hard-packed road appear to be more concentrated the closer the approach to the gate seen to the west.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road, Temple Gate.]

Teak and mahogany trees intertwine to create a formidable wall between the lively and colorful vegetation to the north and the hard-packed, reddish dirt road.  Bright green, flowery vines and thorny roses decorate the spaces between the trees, providing both a welcoming atmosphere and a cautionary statement.  Beside the heavy marble gate, the image of a white wolf can clearly be seen on the trunk of a large mahogany tree.  You notice a closed heavy marble gate.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and east. 

go gate

unlock gate
open gate
go gate
The heavy marble gate is closed.

You unlock a heavy marble gate.

You open a heavy marble gate.



[Tangled Path.]

The compacted dirt path begins to slope upwards, heading away from a heavy marble gate.  A thicket over the path forms a tunnel, though rainwater would penetrate its natural bindings.  Colorful flowers speckle the woven vines on either side.  A white wolf has been drawn on a nearby tree.  You notice an open heavy marble gate.

Obvious Exits: north. 

go gate



[Thalassa Road, Temple Gate.]

Teak and mahogany trees intertwine to create a formidable wall between the lively and colorful vegetation to the north and the hard-packed, reddish dirt road.  Bright green, flowery vines and thorny roses decorate the spaces between the trees, providing both a welcoming atmosphere and a cautionary statement.  Beside the heavy marble gate, the image of a white wolf can clearly be seen on the trunk of a large mahogany tree.  You notice an open heavy marble gate.

Also here: Eabo the Goblin 

Obvious Exits: southwest, and east. 

Eabo leaves east.
cac

You cackle.
inv
Inventory:

a bone dagger (1.0 lb)
 
Currency: 178 doubloons

Carrying: 235 items (54.0 | 81.0) lbs.

l



[Thalassa Road, Temple Gate.]

Teak and mahogany trees intertwine to create a formidable wall between the lively and colorful vegetation to the north and the hard-packed, reddish dirt road.  Bright green, flowery vines and thorny roses decorate the spaces between the trees, providing both a welcoming atmosphere and a cautionary statement.  Beside the heavy marble gate, the image of a white wolf can clearly be seen on the trunk of a large mahogany tree.  You notice an open heavy marble gate.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and east. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

Several trees leaning against taller, supportive ones appear to have been brushed aside by something large enough to clear a path through the forest.  Snapped limbs create a hazardous canopy overhead.  The spiked trunks are wrapped around one another with broken branches and tangled vines.  You notice some broken branches.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and northeast. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

To the northeast, a large, colorful natural structure can be seen, just beyond an old barricade.  Small cottages can be seen through the scattered trees to the east and south.  From a variety of ethnic cooking, enticing odors can often be smelled coming from the homes.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and northeast. 

ne



[Thalassa Road.]

Several trees leaning against taller, supportive ones appear to have been brushed aside by something large enough to clear a path through the forest.  Snapped limbs create a hazardous canopy overhead.  The spiked trunks are wrapped around one another with broken branches and tangled vines.  You notice some broken branches.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and northeast. 

go bran

Go which direction?
Try north, south, east, west, up, or down.
l bran

It looks like some broken branches.
go bran

Go which direction?
Try north, south, east, west, up, or down.
nw

You can't go that way.
w

You can't go that way.
n

You can't go that way.
w

You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
se

You can't go that way.
s
You can't go that way.
l



[Thalassa Road.]

Several trees leaning against taller, supportive ones appear to have been brushed aside by something large enough to clear a path through the forest.  Snapped limbs create a hazardous canopy overhead.  The spiked trunks are wrapped around one another with broken branches and tangled vines.  You notice some broken branches.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and northeast. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

To the northeast, a large, colorful natural structure can be seen, just beyond an old barricade.  Small cottages can be seen through the scattered trees to the east and south.  From a variety of ethnic cooking, enticing odors can often be smelled coming from the homes.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and northeast. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

An imposingly thick forest to the west casts dark shadows over the landscape.  First signs of civilization to travelers from the west are present with the sight of small cottages through the copses of trees to the east.

Obvious Exits: northeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road.]

Red clay and dark gray gravel intermingle in the roadway, as several noxious weeds jut out through sporadic locations throughout.  In the center of the road, a design using the varying colors has been embedded.  Close inspection of the worn image shows it to a crooked finger pointing to the north.

Obvious Exits: southwest, and east. 

sw



[Thalassa Road.]

An enormous redwood forces the road towards the southern plains in this area, causing the otherwise twisting roadway to become even more winding.  The road juts west and northeast from atop a small bramble-covered hill.  From this vantage point, a large port city can clearly be seen with the top of a tall pyramid and a palace visible above its walls.

Obvious Exits: northeast, and west. 

w



[Thalassa Road.]

The compacted dirt road circles around the gigantic redwood to the north as it is passes through a dense patch of wicked-looking brambles, preventing further passage toward the southeast.  Of in the distance, a large city can just be seen through the foliage in that direction, opposite the dense forest looming to the northwest.

Obvious Exits: northwest, and east. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

Evidence of a past tornado is everywhere around the area.  A path of destruction cuts its way across the road, leaving fallen trees and other debris in its path.  A massive oak, suspended by its separated trunk on one side and thick canopy on the other, makes passage to the north very difficult.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and north. 

n



[Thalassa Road.]

While the broken road goes leads primarily north and south, traveling on foot forces those on the road to constantly weave around large rocks and encroaching foliage.  Thorny bushes along either side discourage straying too far from the main stretch.

Obvious Exits: south, and north. 

n



[Thalassa Road.]

Several standing and fallen maple trees line the western side of the road, all of them hollowed out and covered in small holes.  The entire area seems to be covered in sawdust, remnants of the devastation caused by an army of carpenter ants.  From within several of the empty wooden shells, a multitude of nests are evident, their owners taking advantage of the added security.

Obvious Exits: south, and north. 

n



[Thalassa Road.]

While not as dense as the main forest to the west, the teak and oak trees in the area tighten around the twisting and turning roadway.  The thick underbrush threatens to choke passage at several points along the way.

Obvious Exits: south, and north. 

n



[Thalassa Road.]

The once hard-packed dirt of the road has been dismantled, overgrown by the persistent forest.  Large twisted roots have broken through in several parts, making the journey on foot treacherous.  Wildflowers and weeds claim what little space is left between the roots.

Obvious Exits: northwest, and south. 

nw



[Thalassa Road.]

Further passage to the northwest is hindered by a massive fallen redwood.  While it is unclear how long the tree has remained, the overgrown vines imply it has been quite some time.  Very little trace of the road remains, only the occasional patch of hard-packed dirt and red clay can be seen through the underbrush.  You notice a massive fallen redwood.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

l red

It looks like a massive fallen redwood.

nw



[Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

The forest has become exceedingly dense.  The thick canopy blocks out a decent portion of the sky and casts a gloomy shadow over the uneven road, be it beams from the sun or moon.  A deep green moss covers the base of many trees, as well as an old signpost.  Odd noises can be heard along the trees, the majority of which seem to come from deeper within the forest.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

se



[Thalassa Road.]

Further passage to the northwest is hindered by a massive fallen redwood.  While it is unclear how long the tree has remained, the overgrown vines imply it has been quite some time.  Very little trace of the road remains, only the occasional patch of hard-packed dirt and red clay can be seen through the underbrush.  You notice a massive fallen redwood.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge
grunt

You grunt.



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

nw



[Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

The forest has become exceedingly dense.  The thick canopy blocks out a decent portion of the sky and casts a gloomy shadow over the uneven road, be it beams from the sun or moon.  A deep green moss covers the base of many trees, as well as an old signpost.  Odd noises can be heard along the trees, the majority of which seem to come from deeper within the forest.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for divine passage, but the request goes unanswered.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge
pon

You ponder.



A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

u



[Above Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

The forest below has become exceedingly dense.  The thick canopy blocks out a decent portion of the sky and casts a gloomy shadow over the uneven road, be it beams from the sun or moon.  A deep green moss covers the base of many trees, as well as an old signpost.  Odd noises can be heard along the trees, the majority of which seem to come from deeper within the forest.

Obvious Exits: southeast, northwest, and down. 

u

You can't go that way.
d



[Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

The forest has become exceedingly dense.  The thick canopy blocks out a decent portion of the sky and casts a gloomy shadow over the uneven road, be it beams from the sun or moon.  A deep green moss covers the base of many trees, as well as an old signpost.  Odd noises can be heard along the trees, the majority of which seem to come from deeper within the forest.

Obvious Exits: southeast, and northwest. 

grit

You grit your teeth.
u



[Above Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

The forest below has become exceedingly dense.  The thick canopy blocks out a decent portion of the sky and casts a gloomy shadow over the uneven road, be it beams from the sun or moon.  A deep green moss covers the base of many trees, as well as an old signpost.  Odd noises can be heard along the trees, the majority of which seem to come from deeper within the forest.

Obvious Exits: southeast, northwest, and down. 

who

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Austere the Beholder (Creator)                              
   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    

pray divine Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge



You pray to Aerthane for a divine pathway to a distant location.
A blinding, divine pathway appears here.
A translucent barrier surges with energy as an incantation is disrupted.
[Delay: 6.0 sec.]

go pat



[Thalassa Road, Ban'Ghard Edge.]

Two enormous redwoods straddle the road and twist together overhead to form one gigantic tree.  The majority of an old forest lies south of the natural archway, with the north opening up to rolling hills and tall grasses.

Obvious Exits: there, south, and north. 


The divine path fades.

who
[ARRIVALS] 'Austere has logged out.'

   Players Currently Online: 
 =============================

   Xiija the Sylph                                             
   Bocon the Devalin                                           
   Eabo the Goblin                                             
   Pyratherndar the Vukasin                                    

quit

y
Quit -- are you sure (Y/N)?You depart from the world.
Closed Xiija-offerings.txt on file 1
